The current President of the Pittsburgh Pirates is Travis Williams, who took on the role on November 1, 2019. 
Here's a bit more about him and his role:
Responsibilities:
Williams is responsible for the baseball and business operations of the organization, focusing on the club's vision for the future, connection to fans, and community commitment. 
Background:
He is an American attorney and sports front office executive. 
Education:
Williams earned his bachelor's degree from Pennsylvania State University and his Juris Doctor from the Duquesne University School of Law. 
Prior to the Pirates:
He spent 11 years with the Pittsburgh Penguins, primarily leading their business and arena operations. 


PNC Park offers a 3D interactive seating map on the MLB.com website, allowing fans to visualize their seat location and field view. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
Interactive 3D Map: The 3D seating map provides a detailed and interactive view of PNC Park, enabling fans to explore the stadium and see what the view from different seats would be like. 
Access: You can find the 3D seating map on the MLB.com website. 
Other PNC Park Information: Besides the seating map, the MLB website also provides information on ballpark information, gameday guides, disability access, tours, and more. 

ACCESSIBILITY
The Pirates are committed to providing every guest with a comfortable and enjoyable experience at the ballpark, including those guests with disabilities or special needs. To accommodate our guests with disabilities, PNC Park offers an open captioned scoreboard and closed captioning on the Ballpark app, to accommodate guests with hearing impairments.

PNC Park Game Day Team Members are ready to help with any questions you may have about access to and within PNC Park. While attending events at the ballpark, please contact a member of our Guest Experience Team for assistance or information. When away from the ballpark, please call 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827) for accessibility information.

ACCESSIBLE SEATING

Accessible seating options are available throughout the ballpark. If an exchange is required for an accessible seating location, please visit any ticket window or the Advanced Ticket Window at the bottom of the Home Plate Rotunda.

ASSISTED LISTENING DEVICES

Assisted listening devices are available at no charge at the Main Guest Relations Office located at the bottom of the Home Plate Rotunda. A valid credit card or acceptable form of picture identification, such as a valid driver’s license or non-driver government-issued photo ID card, is required as a deposit which will be returned to you upon return of the equipment.

CHANGING TABLES

Child size changing tables are available in all restrooms at PNC Park.

An adult size changing table is available in the Family Restroom located behind Section 112 in the Crows Nest.

INTERPRETING SERVICES

American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters may be available for certain events. Guests may arrange for interpreters by contacting Guest Experience by phone at 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827) or by email at talkback@pirates.com at least two (2) weeks prior to the scheduled event.

DROP-OFF LOCATION

A drop-off zone is located near the ballpark along Mazeroski Way

FAMILY RESTROOMS

Family restrooms are located throughout the ballpark. Please see Restrooms for more information and locations.

ELEVATORS

Elevators are conveniently located throughout the ballpark. See Elevators/Escalators for locations.

PARKING

Accessible parking spots are available at all parking garages surrounding PNC Park. For more information, please call ALCO Parking Corporation at (412) 323-4455.

QUIET SPACE

Guests who are in need of a quiet area can visit the Main Guest Relations Office located at the bottom of the Home Plate Rotunda.

SENSORY INCLUSION

Partnering with Allegheny Health Network and KultureCity, PNC Park is striving to make Pirates games more inclusive and comfortable for guests with sensory processing needs.

Sensory Bags containing fidget toys, noise-cancelling headphones, weighted lap pads, and other sensory resources are available at no charge in the Main Guest Relations Office located at the bottom of the Home Plate Rotunda. A valid credit card or acceptable form of picture identification, such as a valid driver’s license or non-driver government-issued photo ID card, is required as a deposit. Additionally, Pirates team members are trained to recognize opportunities to assist with these guests’ enjoyment of the game.

SENSORY ROOM

Located on our Suite Level in Suite 62, a sensory room is available for all guests with sensory processing needs. The room contains items such as bubble walls, sensory art panels, sensory touch panels, and bean bags. Guests will be allotted 15 minutes inside the room, and a Guest Experience Team Member will be designated to the room to assist with your needs. To access the sensory room, guests should take the Left Field Rotunda up to Suite Level. Please reach out to any Game Day Team Member if you have any questions about the sensory room.

SERVICE ANIMALS

Service animals that are specifically trained to provide assistance to an individual with a disability are welcome in PNC Park. All service animals must remain on a leash or in a harness and be under control of the guest with a disability or designee. The service animal must rest in the seating area with the individual and not in the aisle.

A service animal relief area is located outside the Right Field Gate.

WHEELCHAIRS

A limited number of wheelchairs are available to transport guests to their seating location. If a wheelchair is needed for the duration of the event guests can provide a valid credit card or acceptable form of picture identification, such as a valid driver’s license or non-driver government-issued photo ID card, as a deposit.

Upon arrival, guests can arrange for a wheelchair at any entrance by reaching out to any Game Day Team Member.

ADDRESS/TELEPHONE/WEBSITE FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICE
EXECUTIVE OFFICE CONTACT INFORMATION

Pittsburgh Pirates

PNC Park at North Shore

115 Federal Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15212

Phone Number: 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827)

Website: Pirates.com

ADVANCED TICKET SALES
Tickets for future Pirates home games can be purchased the following ways:

Online at Pirates.com.
At the Pirates Main Ticket Office located at PNC Park on the corner of West General Robinson Street and Federal Street. The Pirates Main Ticket Office is open Monday through Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (or 15 minutes after the game ends on a gameday). On Saturday and Sunday gamedays, the Pirates Main Ticket Office will open at 9:00 a.m. and close 15 minutes after the game ends.
Over the phone by calling 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827).
ADVERTISING/PROMOTIONAL USE OF TICKETS
Tickets may not be used for advertising, promotion (including contests and sweepstakes), or other trade or commercial purposes without the Pirates express written consent.

ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE POLICIES
Guests who appear to be under the age of 30 are required to show valid photo ID indicating legal proof of age when purchasing alcohol inside the ballpark. Alcoholic beverage sales are limited to two (2) alcoholic beverages per person, per ID, per transaction. Alcohol sales will be discontinued at the end of the 7th inning at all vendor and concession stands. The Skull Bar, Spiked Bar, Cinderlands Corner Bar, and Miller Lite Landing will continue to serve alcohol until the end of the game. The Pirates reserve the right to remove any Guest who appears intoxicated or is being unruly or disruptive due to their intoxication. The Pirates also reserve the right to deny admission to any individual who appears intoxicated during their entry into PNC Park. The Pirates and concessions vendors also reserve the right to deny alcoholic beverage service to any guest who appears intoxicated.

ALLERGEN LIST
To best serve guests with any food allergies and ensure a safe and enjoyable experience at PNC Park, please read our PNC Park Allergen List.

Gluten Free Options

Fans can find gluten free options at the following concessions areas:

Nachorita Nachos – 138
Chickie’s and Pete’s Fries – 115, 132, 310
Popcorn - 114, 119, 123, 213, 222, 305, 307, 318, 328
Peanuts - 108, 109, 110, 112, 114, 119, 120, 123, 125, 127, 128, 130, 132, 134, 136, 142, 144, 208, 213, 215, 216, 217, 219, 222, 228, 305, 307, 310, 314, 318, 322, 328, 332
Salads – 118, 219
Select Perry’s & Mini Melts Ice Creams - 105, 106, 118, 128, 218, 307, 316, 322
Primanti Brother’s Fries - 110
Hamburger Buns (upon request) – 120, 314
Hotdog Buns (upon request) - 114, 119, 123, 318, 322
ANTHEM SINGERS
Soloists interested in singing the National Anthem prior to a Pirates home game can send an audition video and their contact information to nationalanthem@pirates.com. Choirs can also inquire about singing the National Anthem by contacting the Pirates Group Sales Department by phone at 1-800-BUY-BUCS (1-800-289-2827) or by email at grouptickets@pirates.com.

ASSUMPTION OF RISK AND RELEASE
Each ticket holder, on behalf of such ticket holder and any accompanying parties, including minors, assumes all risk and danger incidental to any game or event, occurring in and around any part of PNC Park and the surrounding areas, at any time prior to, during or subsequent to the game or event (including, but not limited to, injuries from balls, bats or other objects entering the stands, including objects projected into the stands for entertainment purposes).

Each ticket holder, on behalf of such ticket holder and any accompanying parties, including minors, agrees to waive and release any claim that the Pirates, PNC Park, the Sports & Exhibition Authority of Pittsburgh and Allegheny County, the Major League Baseball entities, the Major League Baseball Clubs, each of their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their respective shareholders, partners, members, directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, sponsors, contractors, vendors and operators are liable or responsible for losses or injuries to person or property arising from or related in any way to the ticket holder’s or any accompanying party’s use of a ticket. Please stay alert and be aware of your surroundings.

ATMs AND CASH TO CARD
Bank ATMs are located behind Section 119 on the Main Concourse and behind Section 225 on the Club Level.

Cash to Card Machines are located behind Section 119 on the Main Concourse and behind 319 on the Upper Concourse.

AUTOGRAPHS
Pirates players may sign autographs around the perimeter of the field before each game when time and Major League Baseball regulations permit. Autograph seekers must allow ticketed guests access to their seats and follow the direction of PNC Park Game Day Team Members. However, we cannot guarantee autograph opportunities will be available and may have to suspend these opportunities for guest/player safety reasons.

We are not able to provide autographs on an individual basis.

AUTOMATED EXTERNAL DEFIBRILLATOR (AED)
AEDs are located throughout PNC Park. Locations are as follows:

West General Robinson Street Elevators (On Each Level)
Mazeroski Way Elevators (On Each Level)
Press Elevators (On Each Level)
Inside the Home Plate Gate
Inside the Right Field Gate
Left Field Lounge Entrance
Press Entrance
Section 147