Beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. Please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on Monday
Select the Escape key to close the menu. Focus will then be set to the first menu item.
In This Section
2/8: Nearly Full Moon Hike and Observatory Moon Viewing
Location: Allegheny Observatory, 159 Riverview Ave, 15214
Time: 8PM-10PM
Details: Join Pittsburgh Park Rangers on a one-hour hike using the light of the nearly full moon to guide our way. We encourage participants to keep lights to a minimum and enjoy the darkness and the moonlight. There will be stairs, some elevation changes, and some rugged trails, which we will take at a gradual pace, with 3 educational stops. Please dress appropriately for the weather and know that this event is very weather dependent and will be canceled even if it’s just too cloudy. We do this before the moon is actually full because it is better for viewing afterward at the Observatory. The second half-hour of this event will be spent touring the Observatory and viewing the moon through its telescopes! Registration required.
Registration Link: Click here to register
Questions? Please contact Ranger Merna at merna.goose@pittsburghpa.gov
2/15: Great Backyard Bird Count (Emerald View Park)
Location: Grandview Park, 664 Science St, Pittsburgh, PA 15210
Time: 8AM-9AM
Details: Join us at the Grandview Park Bandstand for a fun hour of birdwatching and counting as we participate in the Great Backyard Bird Count. This event is perfect for all ages and experience levels. Grab your binoculars and get ready to spot some feathered friends in their natural habitat. Let's count some birds together and contribute to citizen science. Don't miss out on this exciting event! Dress for the weather and expect to hike slowly for close to 1 hour.
Registration Link: Click here to register
Questions? Please contact Ranger Marya at marya.pittaway@pittsburghpa.gov or call 412-977-9442
2/15: Great Backyard Bird Count (Riverview Park)
Location: Riverview Park Visitor Center, 1 Riverview Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15214
Time: 8AM-10AM
Details: Join Park Rangers and local birders for the annual Great Backyard Bird Count! The Great Backyard Bird Count is a global community science event that began in 1998 where participants count and document the birds they see in their communities. These observations help scientists better understand global bird populations before one of their annual migrations. No experience is necessary, and you will be guided by experts! Beginners welcome, and there will be hot cocoa and a limited number of binoculars provided at the Visitor Center.
Registration Link: Click here to register
Questions? Please contact Ranger Merna at merna.goose@pittsburghpa.gov
Location: Allegheny Observatory (159 Riverview Ave, Pittsburgh, PA, 15214)
Time: 8:00PM-10:00PM
Details: Rangers will lead an hour-long hike under the nearly full moon. This hike will be taken at a leisurely pace with 3 educational stops. There is some rough terrain and slight elevation changes, as well as some stairs. We try to be guided only by the light of the moon, but flashlights are acceptable if necessary. This event happens before the actual full moon because it’s position in the sky is more easily observed with telescopes on these days.
After the hike, we will spend the last hour touring the Allegheny Observatory and viewing the moon through the telescopes. Registration is required so we can notify you of cancellations. This is a weather dependent event and will be cancelled if it’s too cloudy.
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Merna ( merna.goose@pittsburghpa.gov )
3/10: Nocturnal Creatures
Location: Sheraden Healthy Active Living Center (720 Sherwood Ave, Pittsburgh, PA, 15204)
Time: 11:00AM-12:00PM
Details: Join the Pittsburgh Park Rangers for a fascinating and fun-filled presentation on the amazing world of nocturnal animals! Discover how creatures like owls, bats, and raccoons have adapted to life in the dark with extraordinary senses, stealthy movement, and unique behaviors.
Enjoy an interactive trivia game to test your knowledge about Pittsburgh’s nighttime wildlife. Whether you're a nature enthusiast or just curious about what happens in the park after dark, this engaging program is perfect for lifelong learners.
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Marya at marya.pittaway@pittsburghpa.gov
3/11: Nocturnal Creatures
Location: Mt. Washington Healthy Active Living Center (122 Virginia Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15211)
Time: 12:30PM-1:30PM
Details: Join the Pittsburgh Park Rangers for a fascinating and fun-filled presentation on the amazing world of nocturnal animals! Discover how creatures like owls, bats, and raccoons have adapted to life in the dark with extraordinary senses, stealthy movement, and unique behaviors.
Enjoy an interactive trivia game to test your knowledge about Pittsburgh’s nighttime wildlife. Whether you're a nature enthusiast or just curious about what happens in the park after dark, this engaging program is perfect for lifelong learners.
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Marya at marya.pittaway@pittsburghpa.gov or 412-977-9442
3/14: Owl and full moon hike: Schenley Park
Location: Schenley Park Visitor Center
Time
Details: Would you like to learn more about owls in western PA, or full moons? Well, you are in luck! Join your Schenley Park Rangers for a full moon hike starting at the Schenley Park Visitor Center. We will also be keeping an eye out for the great horned owls living in the park!  Please come dressed for the weather and bring a pair of binoculars. If you do not have a pair, we will provide you with one. This event is weather-dependent, we will update you if anything changes!
Registration link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/full-moon-hike-and-owl-hike-tickets-1254896953569?aff=oddtdtcreator
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Nikki at nicole.hilton@pittsburghpa.gov
3/22: Spring Discovery Hike: Schenley Park
Location: Anderson Playground, Schenley Park (closest address is Schenley Park Pool- 1 Overlook Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15213)
Time: 9:00am-11:00am
Details: Come join your Schenley Park Rangers for the first spring hike of 2025!  We will explore the park, hiking upper and lower panther hollow panther trail.  Please wear proper footwear as the trails may be muddy.  The hike will be just under 2 miles long.  We will be keeping an eye out for what is waking up in the park after a long winter!
Registration Link: Spring Hike sign up
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Nikki at nicole.hilton@pittsburghpa.gov
3/30: Riverview Park Invasive Species Removal Volunteer Event
Location: Riverview Park Centennial Pavilion (394-784 Riverview Ave., Pittsburgh, PA, 15214)
Time: 10:00AM-12:00PM
Details: Meet at the Riverview Park Visitor Center to grab some tools and get a quick lesson on how to remove some pesky invasive plants in the park. We will then hike to an area to remove the invasive species we come across. While it may be muddy, this is a great time of year to get off trail and tackle some of these plants before too much undergrowth fills in. Please be prepared for mud and brambles and dress appropriately, gloves will be provided. This is a wonderful opportunity to learn how to pitch in and help the ecosystems thrive in our parks!
Questions? Please Contact: Ranger Merna ( merna.goose@pittsburghpa.gov )
Pittsburgh Park Rangers work year-round as liaisons between the public and the City of Pittsburgh to advocate and promote City Parks. Park Rangers are responsible for park related ordinance enforcement, educational programming and oversight of all Pittsburgh City Parks. Through daily patrols, continual safety education, and emergency response assistance they ensure safety for all park patrons.
Pittsburgh Park Rangers have jurisdiction over all Pittsburgh Parks and are actively present in all five regional parks including Emerald View, Frick, Highland, Riverview, and Schenley Parks. Rangers are also present in smaller parks including Allegheny Commons, Market Square, Mellon Park, and Westinghouse Park amongst others.
Park Rangers are authorized to enforce and issue citations for any violation to park ordinances which can be found under the municipal code section 473 and 633. These rules include but are not limited to:
Additional Questions? Check out the municipal code of ordinances .
The Pittsburgh Park Rangers organize numerous educational activities both in parks and classroom settings. Activities include nature related tabling activities, star parties and guided hikes! If you are interested in setting up a Park Ranger sponsored program feel free to send us an e-mail!
Take the first step in your journey towards becoming an official Junior Park Ranger! Complete the Junior Park Ranger Adventure Guide (PDF, 15MB) and exchange it for a badge at any Park Ranger event throughout the year.
Pittsburgh Park Rangers "Nature at Home!" workbook (PDF, 7MB) . This packet is full of free activities for kids and families including coloring, puzzles, nature pages, and even a Build-Your-Own Park activity!
Have a question or concern regarding your local park? Or want to set up a program? Send us an email. Include which park you are interested in and a ranger will get back to you! Parkrangers@pittsburghpa.gov
Follow the Pittsburgh Park Rangers at @pghparkrangers on Facebook and @pghparkrangers on Instagram to keep up-to-date on everything happening in Pittsburgh's Parks!
Iron gate and fence
Large mushroom cluster grown on side of a tree
Westinghouse Gas Wells Historical Landmark Sign
Two Park Rangers walking a park path
City overlook
Snowy day in Schenley Park
Blossom Lane
Children crafting in classroom
Child studying tree leaf
Night Sky
City of Pittsburgh 414 Grant St. Pittsburgh, PA 15219 (Accessibility entrance on Ross St.) View on Map 412-255-2621