2019 was a pivotal year for the Frick, during which interim director  
Judith Hansen O’Toole not only maintained momentum but also launched 
important new initiatives, including a campus-wide effort to address 
matters involving diversity, equity, accessibility, and inclusion. After 
Elizabeth Barker took the helm in December, we developed plans for the 
years ahead, outlined later in this document. 
The pages that follow capture a snapshot of our past fiscal year, from April 
2019 through March 2020. The numbers are certainly impressive, and 
include more than one million visits to our website and more than 140,000 
visitors to our campus. But the data alone cannot convey the human 
moments that inspire everything we do. To see a child alight with wonder 
before a historic car, a family dancing to the music on a summer Friday, 
a viewer moved to tears in an exhibition, a couple laughing over dessert 
in The Café, visitors sharing experiences of their own family home with 
a Clayton docent—those moments happen in person—and these days, 
also online. To create your own Frick moment, please visit our site or take 
advantage of our many virtual offerings. We’d love to see you! 
ANNUAL REPORT
MISSION
Furthering the vision of Helen 
Clay Frick, we share authentic 
experiences with art, history and 
nature that inspire and delight. 
VISION 
What we aspire to achieve 
Our experiences of discovery, 
inspiration and learning will be 
essential to people’s lives and to 
the cultural fabric of our region. 
A CENTER OF OUR COMMUNITY
2019–2020

COLLECTIONS & 
EXHIBITIONS
AUDIENCE & ENGAGEMENT
exhibitions and 
special Installations 
at The Frick Art 
Museum
themed 
installations at 
Clayton
new exhibition 
at the Car and 
Carriage Museum
Total site-wide attendance
144,467
7
4
1
Website 
 404,366 
web sessions 
 1,026,901
pageviews
Membership 
7,044 
member households
 
5,569 
membership renewals
 
1,475 
new members
Followers 
 
12,500 
Instagram 
 
13,781 
Facebook 
 
8,721 
Twitter 
 
29,784 
e-news subscribers 



Objects Loaned
Acquisitions
Objects Conserved
Claude Monet’s Bords de la Seine à Lavacourt (Banks of the Seine at Lavacourt), 
purchased by Henry Clay Frick in 1901, was included in the Denver Art Museum 
exhibition Claude Monet: The Truth of Nature from Oct. 21, 2019–Feb. 2, 2020, 
before traveling to the Museum Barberini in Potsdam, Germany where it was 
displayed as part of the exhibition Monet: Places from Feb. 22–July 20, 2020.
The restoration of the enclosed 
porch at Clayton, the historic home 
of the Henry Clay Frick family, was 
completed in early 2020. This 
$1 million project started in 2017.
16,106
attended Clayton
32,934
attended the Car and 
Carriage Museum
36,000
attended Summer Fridays 
at the Frick events
38,334 
attended
The Frick Art Museum
	Claude Monet’s Bords de la Seine à Lavacourt (Banks of the Seine at Lavacourt), The restoration of the enclosed
purchased by Henry Clay Frick in 1901, was included in the Denver Art Museum porch at Clayton, the historic home
exhibition Claude Monet: The Truth of Nature from Oct. 21, 2019–Feb. 2, 2020, of the Henry Clay Frick family, was
before traveling to the Museum Barberini in Potsdam, Germany where it was completed in early 2020. This
displayed as part of the exhibition Monet: Places from Feb. 22–July 20, 2020. $1 million project started in 2017.
Objects Loaned Acquisitions Objects Conserved
FINANCIALS
EXPENSES
Program 
$5,286,830 
65.50%
Museum Support 
$1,135,838 
14.07%
Services
Fundraising 
$516,482 
6.40%
Capital Projects 
$1,132,063 
14.03%
Total 
$8,071,213
INCOME
Contributed 
$2,207,375 
27.35%
Earned 
$1,610,181 
19.95%
Investment 
$4,253,657 
52.70%
Income
Total 
$8,071,213 
EDUCATION & 
PROGRAMS
33
 
community 
 
 
organizations
 
 
Frick educators 
 
 
visited 
68
adult programs
 2,786
adult program 
 
 
participants
35 
family programs
 2,149
 
family program 
 
 
participants 
12
Summer Fridays Events 
OUR TEAM
Full-time
People of color
Part-time
Women
 222 school visits
6,651 students served
68%  of students served at no cost to schools



EDUCATION &
PROGRAMS
33 community
organizations
Frick educators
visited
68
adult programs
2,786 adult program
participants
35
family programs
2,149 family program
participants
12
Summer Fridays Events	222
school visits
 6,651
students served
 68%
of students served at no cost to schoolsOUR TEAM
Full-time Part-time
People of color Women	FINANCIALS
EXPENSES
Program $5,286,830 65.50%
Museum Support $1,135,838 14.07%
Services
Fundraising $516,482 6.40%
Capital Projects $1,132,063 14.03%
Total $8,071,213
BOARD OF 
TRUSTEES
David Burstin, Chair
Virginia B. Hart, Vice Chair
Charles R. Burke, Jr., Vice Chair
Nancy L. Barry, Treasurer
Steven M. Pavsner, Secretary
Mary Louise Babst
Stephen Casey
Arabella S. Dane
Margot B. Dermody
Kate Freed
Gene Freeman
Leon E. Haynes, III
Harry Henninger
Robert M. Hernandez
Barbara Noble Howard
Susan Hunter
Kirk J. Johnson
Carol S. MacPhail
Pamela Peele, Ph.D.
Robert J. Schuetz
W. Alexander Scott
Brian Sloan
Mark A. Snyder
Louis L. Testoni
Isabel Trafton
Bonnie VanKirk
Britton P. Wean
Trustees Emeriti
David A. Brownlee
Danforth P. Fales
Thomas J. Gillespie, Jr.
Carolyn B. Reed
Nancy D. Washington
Betsy H. Watkins
SAFETY 
COMMITTEE
Committee Chair
Greg Lauer, Security Manager
Committee Members	
Barry Adams, Human Resources Manager
Elizabeth E. Barker Ph.D., Executive Director
Dawn Brean, Associate Curator of  
Decorative Arts
Emily Davis, Publications & Website Manager
Maddy Fisher, Manager of Individual Support
James Hitch, Operations Manager
John Hrenick, Staff Accountant
Arianna Lower, Museum Experience Associate
Mike McGough, Maintenance Coordinator
Beth Muth, Director of Enterprise &  
Visitor Services
Bill Nichols, Director of Operations
Kelsie Paul, Manager of School Learning
Tori Trimble, Museum Experience Associate
Phil Weber, Gallery Attendant
SOCIAL COMMITTEE
Committee Chair
Keri Golebiewski, Development Assistant & Frick Societies Concierge
Committee Members	
Caito Amorose, Manager of Partnerships & Performances
Kim Cady, Associate Curator, Car and Carriage Museum
Kathi Connelly, Assistant to the Executive Director
Jennifer Forster, Human Resources & Finance Associate
Paul Lauteri, Café Services Coordinator
Beth Muth, Director of Enterprise & Visitor Services
Kim Rothert, Grounds Manager
DIVERSITY, EQUITY, 
ACCESSIBILITY, 
AND INCLUSION 
COMMITTEE
Committee Co-chairs
Barry Adams, Human Resources Manager
Amanda Gillen, Director of Learning and 
Visitor Experience
Committee Members	
Elizabeth E. Barker Ph.D., Executive Director
Amanda Crytzer, Visitor Services Lead
Emily Davis, Publications and Website 
Manager
Colin Green, Security and Gallery Attendant 
Administrator
Melanie Groves, Manager of Exhibitions and 
Registrar
Beth Muth, Director of Enterprise and Visitor 
Services
Bill Nichols, Director of Operations
Lisa Viscusi, Manager of Adult Learning
Elita Walker, Membership Manager

OUR TEAM
Barry Adams, Human Resources Manager
Linda Ahlstedt, Teacher
Jo Ellen Aleshire, Docent
Sarah Allen, Docent Trainee
Charles Altman, Docent
Caito Amorose, Manager of Partnership 
Events & Performances
Susan Bails, Teacher
Chenoa Baker, Teacher
Elizabeth E. Barker, Ph.D., Executive Director
Jeffrey Bates, Maintenance Coordinator
Jamie Blatter, Docent
Juliana Borreggine, Museum Experience 
Associate
Nicole Bosley, Docent Trainee
Helen Garrison Bradlow, Teacher
Dawn Brean, Associate Curator of  
Decorative Arts
Alicia Britton, Museum Experience Associate
Holly Burnett, Docent
Kimberly Cady, Assistant Curator of the Car  
& Carriage Museum
Alan Carter, Mailroom Coordinator
Helenann Chase, Docent
Elizabeth Christof, Teacher
Stephen Cicero, Teacher
Kaitlyn Clem, Marketing & Communications 
Associate
Nancy Coleman, Docent
Kristine Comito Gupta, Docent
Kathleen Connelly, Assistant to the  
Executive Director
Nancy Craft, Teacher
Karen Crenshaw, Docent Trainee
Megan Crutcher, Docent
Amanda Crytzer, Museum Experience 
Associate
Cora Crytzer, Museum Experience Associate
Gary Daniels, Housekeeping
Emily Davis, Publications & Website Manager
Kathy Dax, Docent
Janet DeAngelo, Museum Experience 
Associate
Heather Deem, Docent
JoAnn DeForrest, Docent
Jerome Demarino Jr., Grounds Crew 
Carly DiPaolo, Teacher
Joyce Dorman, Head Docent
Bernadette Fischer, Teacher
Maddy Fisher, Manager of Individual Support 
Katharine Fleischner, Museum Experience 
Associate
Jennifer Forster, Human Resources & Finance 
Associate
Emily French, Museum Experience Associate
Alexandra Freyvogel, Teacher Trainee
Rosalie Garfinkle, Events Support
Lisa Gehring, Director of Finance
Pamela Gianni, Docent
Amanda Gillen, Director of Learning &  
Visitor Experience
Susan Goldman, Teacher
Keri Golebiewski, Development Associate  
& Frick Societies Concierge 
Jodi Golomb, Manager of Institutional 
Support 
Seth Graziani, Teacher Trainee
Collin Green, Security & Gallery Attendant 
Administrator 
William Griffith, Docent Trainee
Melanie Groves, Manager of Exhibitions  
& Registrar
Melanie Rose Gutowski, Docent
Mary Guzowski, Head Docent
Donald Henderson, Gallery Attendant
Kathleen Hewston, Docent
James Hitch, Operations Manager
John Hrenick, Finance Associate
James Hughes, Docent
Denise Humphrey, Teacher
Karen Ieong, Docent Trainee
Anne Isaac, Docent
Amy Jaffe, Docent Trainee
Linda Johnson, Teacher
Emil Kemp, Gallery Attendant
Mary Kilbridge, Manager of Community  
& Family Learning
Dallas Knight, Docent
Susan Knight, Teacher
James Konop, Grounds Crew 
Patricia Labanc, Teacher
Cynthia Lackey, Teacher
Gregory Langel, Director of Marketing  
& Communications
Gregory Lauer, Security Manager
Paul Lauteri, Café Services Coordinator
Morgan Lawrence, Museum Experience 
Associate
Chelsea Leber, Gallery Attendant
Brian LeMaster, Docent
Linda Liechty, Head Docent
Nora Lopez, Teacher
Natalie Lorenze, Museum Experience Associate
Arianna Lower, Museum Experience Associate, 
and Docent Trainee
John Maloney, Grounds Crew 
James Marchetti, IT & Systems Technician
Daniel Martinac, Grounds Crew 
Scott Mayhew, Gallery Attendant
Virginia McCarthy, Docent
Lori McDermott, Docent and Teacher Trainee
Michael McGough, Maintenance Coordinator
Terri McKenzie, Docent Trainee
Kelly McMasters, Coordinator of Learning  
& Visitor Experience
Stacey McSorley, Teacher
Breanna Merritt, Program Assistant
Sally Meyers, Teacher Trainee
Jose Mieres, Docent Trainee
Joan Miles, Docent
Susan Morris, Docent
Beth Muth, Director of Enterprise & Visitor 
Services
Nancy Nernberg, Docent
Susan Neszpaul, Director of Advancement  
& Engagement
David Neville, Gallery Attendant Coordinator
Robert Nichols, Director of Operations
Mary Noonan, Teacher
Judith Hansen O’Toole, Interim Executive 
Director
Kelsie Paul, Manager of School Learning
Nancy Pedraja, Membership & Development 
Assistant
Leah Peifer, Housekeeping
Lydia Peifer, Museum Experience Associate
Micah Phillips, Museum Experience Associate
Teresa Polozoff, Head Docent
Cynthia Poole, Docent
Pamela Price, Docent
Judy Reese, Head Docent
Joy Richardson, Docent
Sharon Riesmeyer, Teacher
Shawn Robinson, Museum Experience 
Associate
Ana Rodriguez Castillo, Arts Project 
Coordinator
Kimberly Rothert, Grounds Manager
Mildred Ryan, Teacher
Rosemary Sainne, Gallery Attendant
Winifred Schano, Docent
Madeline Schatten, Museum Experience 
Associate
June Schultz, Teacher
Carol Schurman, Teacher
Heather Shanks, Docent
Richard Shields, Gallery Attendant
Thomas Smith, Gallery Attendant
Daniel Stabile, Housekeeping
Jane Steiner, Teacher
Paul Sylves, Teacher
Deborah Talarico, Teacher
Mark Terrell, Docent Trainee
Barbara Tischler, Docent
Simone Traub, Museum Experience Associate
Janet Treser, Docent
Victoria Trimble, Museum Experience Associate
Lisa Viscusi, Manager of Adult Learning
Igor Vishnevetsky, Gallery Attendant
Anna Wagstaff, Housekeeping
Elita Walker, Membership Manager
Sandra Ward, Docent
Perry Weber, Gallery Attendant
Philip Weber, Gallery Attendant
Dennis Wickline, Docent
Elizabeth Wilkinson, Teacher
Anthony Williams Jr., Housekeeping
Catherine Wright, Docent
Elisa Yukstas, Teacher

OUR PLANS
In December 2016, the Frick adopted a five-year strategic 
plan intended to attract new audiences, increase revenues, 
and hone sustainable business practices. That plan was 
successful. By the conclusion of Robin Nicholson’s tenure 
as executive director in February 2019, the work it laid out 
had been accomplished. 
Elizabeth Barker came to the Frick in December 2019 with 
a mandate to lead a planning process that would establish 
goals for the Frick’s next chapter. 
C.	 Attend to Our Visitors’ Human Needs
1.	 Expand our accommodations for people with  
disabilities, including by widening curb cuts, automating 
entrance doors, and creating accessible restrooms in  
The Frick Art Museum
2.	Establish a sanitary, safe place for nursing mothers and 
caregivers to breastfeed babies, express breast milk, and 
feed infants
3.	Develop viable plans for secondary food service on site 
for visitors not seeking a fine dining experience, such as a 
coffee bar offering prepared food
4.	Consolidate and update the restaurant and pastry  
kitchens to provide such expanded food service
II. INTERPRETATION
A.	 Align our Interpretative Strategy with our Visitors’ Needs
1.	 Establish a full-time position dedicated to developing and 
overseeing the Frick’s sitewide strategies for interpretation
2.	Establish a culture of continuous assessment of our 
evolving Interpretation Plan in response to the changing 
needs of our visitors
3.	Produce a visitor orientation video
4.	Expand the menu of guided tours, and explore adding 
drop-in visits to Clayton
5.	Reopen the Playhouse to the public as a learning space
6.	Update and reissue the whole-site souvenir guidebook
We began that process in January 2020, by identifying 
a mindset of radical empathy for our visitors as our 
overarching imperative. Next, we reviewed our mission 
statement, penned our first vision statement, and identified 
our organizational values. In our last in-person gathering 
with the Board before COVID, we reviewed and endorsed 
the following goals. 
We welcome your responses to our plans, and look 
forward to sharing the results of our progress in future 
annual reports.
I. ACCESS
A.	Welcome Diverse Audiences to the Frick
1.	 Publish a Diversity, Equity, Accessibility, and Inclusion 
(DEAI) statement
2.	Adopt a Rooney Rule in our hiring practices
3.	Invest in staff training to ensure predictably outstanding 
services for all visitors
4.	Seek to develop meaningful, long-term partnerships with 
trusted organizations in diverse communities
5.	Be mindful of DEAI as we develop acquisitions, 
exhibitions, and programs
6.	Develop programs for the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday, 
Black History Month, and Juneteenth
7.	Implement ongoing visitor assessment
B.	 Ease Navigation of Our Site and Information
1.	 Undertake a comprehensive wayfinding audit and update 
our campus signage accordingly, beginning at the 
perimeter fence
2.	In conjunction with resurfacing the parking lot, remove  
the guard booth and relocate that function, and add 
electric vehicle recharging stations
3.	Implement the site lighting plan to enhance the safety  
and beauty of our campus, while demonstrating 
leadership in reducing light pollution by observing 
International Dark Sky guidelines
4.	Overhaul the telephone tree for ease of use
5.	Review the website
STRATEGIC GOALS, 2021–2027

B. Expand Learning Experiences for Families with Children
1. Develop interpretive, educational programs for the Playhouse
2. Review Greenhouse programming
3. Pilot outdoor art installations
C. Continuously Assess and Reﬁ ne the Exhibitions Program
1. When possible, extend the duration of temporary exhibitions
to accommodate expanded programing
2. Introduce focused research exhibitions and “pop-up” displays
to smooth drops in attendance between large shows
3. Update the Permanent Collection displays, including by
reviewing our label format and content from the vantage
point of our visitors
4. Ensure that all exhibitions and displays are promoted,
regardless of their location on campus
III. STEWARDSHIP
A. Preserve the Structures and Collections Entrusted to Our Care
1. Remediate the lead paint, conserve the structure, and repaint 
the exterior of Clayton
2. Complete other repairs, including the Juliet Balcony and 
Henry Clay Frick’s bathroom
3. Correct the roof leaks, ﬂ uctuating climate conditions, and car 
lift in the Car and Carriage Museum
4.  Undertake a comprehensive assessment of The Frick Art 
Museum and develop and implement a multi-year capital 
improvement plan
5. Restore the Playhouse and open it to the public as a learning 
space for families with children
6.  Update the Collection Development Plan for the art 
collection
B. Review Certain Activities with an Eye to Sustainability
1. Refi ne and maintain sustainable systems for collecting and 
assessing information about our visitors and operations
2. Assess the museum’s travel program to ensure that it is 
distinctive, economical, and well-managed
3. Review the Membership program to ensure that it is meeting 
our members’ needs, helping to expand the group of 
prospective supporters, and fi nancially supporting the needs 
and mission of the organization
4.  Invest in leadership training for our managers and 
professional development for all staff so that we can perform 
our work eff ectively, efficiently, and with satisfaction
STRATEGIC GOALS,
2021–2027 (CONTINUED)
OUR VALUES
CURIOSITY
AUTHENTICITY
EMPATHY
SERVICE

M
useums, by their very natures, are always 
  choosing what to include—and exclude.  
   In a world filled with things, what precious 
few will be added to the collection or featured in an  
exhibition? Of the countless insights that might be 
shared about any artwork, which ones make the cut? 
Who decides? Such choices matter, since by showing 
us whose histories are worth saving and whose  
experiences deserve to be understood, museums  
give us insight into ourselves.  
Or, at least, into some selves. Until recently, most  
museums chose to feature the contributions of white 
people (and of white men in particular), largely to the 
exclusion of the achievements of people of color.  
Such omissions not only narrowed our presentations; 
they have made many prospective visitors feel that 
their experiences were not valued and that they  
were not welcome. 
The Frick recognizes the conspicuous absence of Black 
perspectives in our collections, our presentations, and 
our leadership—and therefore, not surprisingly, from 
our audience. We are committed to do better. 
On July 16th, six weeks after publishing a statement 
decrying racial violence and systemic racism, the  
Frick made the following public commitments,  
developed by our staff Diversity Equity Accessibility 
and Inclusion (DEAI) Committee with support of senior 
leadership and the board. 
1. The Frick Pittsburgh supports the Black Lives 
Matter movement and shares its commitment “to 
create space for Black imagination and innovation.” 
2. The Frick Pittsburgh commits to cultivate a 
staff and board that oppose all discrimination
and are actively anti-racist by taking the following 
steps: 
• Providing staff and community listening sessions 
and learning opportunities for all staff and board 
members in 2020; 
• Providing ongoing opportunities
for the education and
enlightenment of all employees
and trustees thereafter; and 
• Publishing annual progress
reports on this work in the 
Frick’s Annual Report
(beginning in 2021).
3. The Frick Pittsburgh seeks to create an
environment of physical and psychological safety 
for our Black staff and visitors. To that end, we are 
committed to doing the following: 
• Training all employees in verbal de-escalation
techniques to empower our staff to interact with
respect, professionalism, and empathy; 
• Requiring that every staff member participate
in ongoing anti-racist education (as outlined above); 
• Strictly enforcing the policy that all employees
adhere to our organization’s values, which include
respect for all human rights, while at work or
otherwise representing the Frick; 
• Hiring more Black and diverse colleagues at all levels 
of the organization (as described below); 
• Building trusted partnerships with organizations
in the Black community, including by proactively
participating in neighborhood activities outside
our campus; 
• Making our site available to our neighbors for
gatherings of Black community organizations; and 
• Using signage on our campus and statements on our 
website to demonstrate our commitment to treat all 
people with respect and dignity. 
4. The Frick Pittsburgh hereby adopts a “Rooney 
Rule” for staff hiring and vendor selection—no 
search, at any level of the organization, may proceed 
without qualified Black and other diverse candidates 
in the selection pool. 
5. The Frick Pittsburgh will complete and publish
a diversity audit of our museum collections by
2021 and use that information to establish diversity 
goals for acquisitions.
REINTRODUCING  
THE FRICK: A CENTER  
OF OUR COMMUNITY 
						EINTRODUCING
HE FRICK: A CENTER
F OUR COMMUNITY			Museums, by their very natures, are always • Providing ongoing opportunities
choosing what to include—and exclude. for the education and
In a world filled with things, what precious enlightenment of all employees
w will be added to the collection or featured in an and trustees thereafter; and
hibition? Of the countless insights that might be • Publishing annual progress			ared about any artwork, which ones make the cut? reports on this work in the
ho decides? Such choices matter, since by showing Frick’s Annual Report
whose histories are worth saving and whose (beginning in 2021).
periences deserve to be understood, museums 3. The Frick Pittsburgh seeks to create an
ve us insight into ourselves. environment of physical and psychological safety
, at least, into some selves. Until recently, most for our Black staff and visitors. To that end, we are
useums chose to feature the contributions of white committed to doing the following:			
6. The Frick Pittsburgh will
consult with Black
stakeholders and people
of color to learn about and
represent the interests of
diverse audiences in our
exhibitions, educational
programs, communications,
museum store, and food
services. 
7. The Frick Pittsburgh will expand our
professional networks to include diverse
organizations, such as the African American
Chamber of Commerce of Western Pennsylvania, 
which can help us expand our partnerships,
audiences, and applicant pools. 
8. We pledge to develop strategies to diversify
our leadership and board within the period
covered by our Strategic Plan (2020-2027). 
ten weeks after making these 
commitments, the Frick has embarked 
on the journey to honor them. 
We began with an informal  listening session with 
our staff, at which we were joined by Cecile Shellman, 
our DEAI consultant, and Jane Zwier, a licensed 
professional counselor with  our Employee 
Assistance Program. 
Next, our entire staff completed virtual seminars on 
the subject of empathy, followed by online classes in 
verbal conflict de-escalation techniques—
opportunities that have empowered us to approach all 
interactions with compassion and clear 
communication.  
Our DEAI committee, formed in 2019 under the  
leadership of interim director Judith Hansen O’Toole,  
is finalizing a charter structuring its ongoing work  
and its members’ terms of service. The committee  
has laid out a robust schedule of projects, including an 
all-employee virtual anti-racism workshop in September. 
Our Board of Trustees has met twice with the Frick’s 
DEAI consultant, first to review plans and progress and 
then to participate in an anti-racism workshop.  
Our Learning & Visitor Experience department is  
continuing to expand our educational community 
partnerships. In August, we welcomed to our campus  
a group of socially distanced summer campers from 
South Pittsburgh’s youth anti-violence organization 
Voices Against Violence to create an anti-racist art  
installation on the Frick grounds. 
We have begun asking our vendors to share informa-
tion about their diversity and racial equity plans, and 
are ensuring that all searches for positions, services, 
and suppliers include Black and minority finalists.  
Our curatorial department is in the throes of developing 
The Frick Reflects exhibition, examining both the social 
and art history of our collections and our institution’s 
founding.
We know the work ahead will be difficult. We will  
inevitably make mistakes. But we are approaching  
it with open hearts and open minds. And we are  
prepared to go the distance. Thank you, our members, 
for making this journey with us.      ■

THEFRICKPITTSBURGH.ORG
412-371-0600
7227 REYNOLDS STREET
PITTSBURGH, PA 15208
To learn more about how you can contribute to the 
work we do, visit TheFrickPittsburgh.org/support
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING 
THE FRICK PITTSBURGH

