Skip to Navigation: #mininav
Skip to Content: #maincontent
Menu: #menu
Popular Searches
Social Media
@CMUEngineeringOpens in new window: http://twitter.com/CMUEngineering
CMUEngineeringOpens in new window: https://www.facebook.com/CMUEngineering
College of EngineeringOpens in new window: http://www.linkedin.com/edu/school?id=42229
CMUEngineeringOpens in new window: https://www.youtube.com/user/CMUEngineering
CMUEngineeringOpens in new window: https://www.instagram.com/CMUEngineering/
RSS FeedOpens in new window: https://engineering.cmu.edu/feed/rss.xml
Focusing on innovative, interdisciplinary, and global education and research,the College of Engineering is well-known for working on problems of both scientific and practical importance. Our acclaimed faculty focus on transformative results that will drive the intellectual and economic vitality of our community, nation and world. Our “maker” culture is ingrained in all that we do, leading to novel approaches and unprecedented results.
Mar05
Mar4
Cyberphysical Systems
CMU team develops frameworks for environmental control and life support systems that can sustain human life in deep space habitats.
Feb25
News & Events
This year, a civil and environmental engineering graduate is one of four Fifth Year Scholars with a mission of bringing sustainable mending to the CMU and Pittsburgh communities.
Feb25
Advanced Manufacturing
New 3D printing technique fabricates highly complex and controllable ceramic nanostructures that could be the key to emerging engineering systems.
If you’d like to write about our research or inquire about partnerships,please contact us.
The most complex problems. The most diverse experts.
Advanced Collaboration® is how the College of Engineering solves the world’s greatest problems.
The College of Engineering is now offeringonline graduate certificates.
The graduate certificate inAI Engineering Fundamentals - Mechanical Engineeringprepares mechanical engineers to solve problems with artificial intelligence and design next-generation solutions for today’s industries.
Physicians, biomedical engineers, and other medical professionals can learn the fundamentals of 3D bioprinting tissues and organs from CMU researchers who are pioneering these innovative medical techniques with the graduate certificate in3D Bioprinting & Biofabrication.
In theAI Engineering for Digital Twins & Analyticsgraduate certificate, engineers in senior engineering, design, and managerial roles can learn how to build a strong business case for using digital twins and gain the skills to lead the implementation of this cutting-edge technology in their organization.
Featured ProgramCarnegie Mellon University AfricaPrepare to be a technology manager and innovator through a multidisciplinary curriculum with a special emphasis on emerging ICT innovations and applications in Africa.: http://www.cmu.edu/africa
Featured Program
Prepare to be a technology manager and innovator through a multidisciplinary curriculum with a special emphasis on emerging ICT innovations and applications in Africa.
Featured ProgramBiomedical EngineeringCollaborate across engineering disciplines and with cutting-edge medical facilities in Pittsburgh for a strong foundation in both biomedicine and traditional engineering.: https://www.bme.cmu.edu/
Featured Program
Collaborate across engineering disciplines and with cutting-edge medical facilities in Pittsburgh for a strong foundation in both biomedicine and traditional engineering.
Featured ProgramChemical EngineeringExplore chemical and process systems engineering research and computing in one of the oldest chemical engineering programs in the country.: http://www.cmu.edu/cheme
Featured Program
Explore chemical and process systems engineering research and computing in one of the oldest chemical engineering programs in the country.
Featured Program
Gain hands-on experience, explore personal passions, and devise imaginative solutions to global challenges of climate change, energy efficiency, and more in environments both natural and constructed.
Featured ProgramElectrical & Computer EngineeringStudy electrical and computer sciences with an emphasis on entrepreneurship, maker culture, and a practical, conscientious application of knowledge.: https://www.ece.cmu.edu/
Featured Program
Study electrical and computer sciences with an emphasis on entrepreneurship, maker culture, and a practical, conscientious application of knowledge.
Featured ProgramEngineering & Public PolicyPrepare yourself for a career in any engineering discipline, fortified with the robust understanding of the economical, social, historical, and political factors that affect it.: https://www.cmu.edu/epp
Featured Program
Prepare yourself for a career in any engineering discipline, fortified with the robust understanding of the economical, social, historical, and political factors that affect it.
Featured ProgramInformation Networking InstituteDevelop technical, interdisciplinary skills in information networking, security, and mobile and IoT engineering while incorporating business and policy perspectives.: https://www.ini.cmu.edu/
Featured Program
Develop technical, interdisciplinary skills in information networking, security, and mobile and IoT engineering while incorporating business and policy perspectives.
Featured ProgramIntegrated Innovation InstituteSynthesize the primary disciplines in product and service innovation, including functional performance (engineering), human interface (design), and economic value (business) while focusing on innovation methods and practice.: https://www.cmu.edu/integrated-innovation
Featured Program
Synthesize the primary disciplines in product and service innovation, including functional performance (engineering), human interface (design), and economic value (business) while focusing on innovation methods and practice.
Featured Program
Discover the unique behaviors, properties, and development of new materials, and learn how to use this knowledge to solve real-world technical challenges.
Featured ProgramMechanical EngineeringTackle complex and innovative problem-solving while studying robots, materials, molecules, and machines, from design to manufacturing to everyday use.: https://www.meche.engineering.cmu.edu
Featured Program
Tackle complex and innovative problem-solving while studying robots, materials, molecules, and machines, from design to manufacturing to everyday use.
Featured ProgramCarnegie Mellon University Silicon ValleyCombine the rich heritage and resources of Carnegie Mellon’s Pittsburgh campus with the opportunities of the dynamic Silicon Valley business environment with programs designed to innovate in research and support entrepreneurs.: http://www.cmu.edu/silicon-valley
Featured Program
Combine the rich heritage and resources of Carnegie Mellon’s Pittsburgh campus with the opportunities of the dynamic Silicon Valley business environment with programs designed to innovate in research and support entrepreneurs.
March 11 2025
6:00 PM ET
CMU Libraries
Three Minute Thesis Championship
McConomy Auditorium (Cohon University Center) and Livestreamed
Registerfor Three Minute Thesis Championship (Opens in new Window)
Registerfor Three Minute Thesis Championship (Opens in new Window): https://www.givecampus.com/schools/CarnegieMellonUniversity/events/three-minute-thesis-2025-championship
March 12 2025
3:30 PM ET
Center for Faculty Success
Milestone Moments with Mark Bedillion
Singleton Room, Roberts Hall
Registerfor Milestone Moments with Mark Bedillion (Opens in new Window)
Registerfor Milestone Moments with Mark Bedillion (Opens in new Window): https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfQvF86SGoeifGxXkIDQFCCsglp3jVm8idH7OfV336ZbcJyxA/viewform
March 20 2025
6:30 PM ET
CMU Libraries
Fine and Rare V: New Acquisitions in Libraries Special Collections
Virtual
Registerfor Fine and Rare V: New Acquisitions in Libraries Special Collections (Opens in new Window)
Registerfor Fine and Rare V: New Acquisitions in Libraries Special Collections (Opens in new Window): https://www.givecampus.com/schools/CarnegieMellonUniversity/events/fine-and-rare-v-new-acquisitions-in-libraries-special-collections
March 21-22 2025
Integrated Innovation Institute
Spring 2025 EDIE Makeathon
Apply to participate by March 17Learn more about Spring 2025 EDIE Makeathon (Opens in new Window)
Apply to participate by March 17Learn more about Spring 2025 EDIE Makeathon (Opens in new Window): https://forms.gle/ZTYfYzyZEYtYoig88
March 25-27 2025
Scott Institute for Energy Innovation
CMU Energy Week 2025
Learn moreabout CMU Energy Week 2025 (Opens in new Window)
April 9 2025
3:30 PM ET
Center for Faculty Success
Milestone Moments with Rahul Panat
Singleton Room, Roberts Hall
LegalOpens in new window: http://www.cmu.edu/legal/
“I just believe that the way that young people's minds develop is fascinating. If you are doing something for a grade or salary or a reward, it doesn't have as much meaning as creating something for yourself and your own life.”Steve Wozniak
Hi 👋, are you a prospective student?
Let the Student AI Assistant answer your questions!
Hello! 👋 I'm your friendly AI assistant here to help. While I'm not human, I can help you find information about programs, admissions, campus life, and more!
How can I assist you today?
Social Media