Pittsburgh Opera Contributor Benefits | Pittsburgh Opera
There’s nothing more beautiful than sharing something you love.
Your gift to Pittsburgh Operatakes you behind-the-scenes while bringing world-class opera to our city and community, training the next generation of rising artists, and sharing arts experiences with school children throughout our entire region.
Explore gift levels and membership benefits:
If you have questions, please emaildevelopment@pittsburghopera.org.
You can find information about us at the non-profit websiteGuidestar, or check our most recentfinancial documents.
For more information on matching giftsclick here.
Pittsburgh Opera israted Platinum, their highest rating, by industry-leadingGuidestar, an information service specializing in reporting on U.S. nonprofit companies.
Pittsburgh Opera has been evaluated byCharity Navigator, the world’s largest and most trusted nonprofit evaluator, and earned a Four-Star Rating. This is the highest possible rating on Charity Navigator. Charity Navigator’s third-party accreditation validates our organization’s operational excellence.
Contributions to Pittsburgh Opera are tax-deductible. The official registration and financial information of Pittsburgh Opera may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
DONOR PRIVACY POLICY
Pittsburgh Opera places a high priority on protecting privacy.

Corporate Giving | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera is a proud part of the Pittsburgh community and an important reason our region thrives.For over 80 years, Pittsburgh Opera, with the strong support of its Corporate Partners, has brought world-class opera to audiences and is at the foundation of Pittsburgh’s vibrant cultural and artistic scene.
Pittsburgh Opera is grateful for the support of our Corporate Partners. See a list of thecurrent season’s partners.
Become a Corporate Partner of Pittsburgh Opera!
Join with companies across over a dozen industries who support one of Pittsburgh’s premier performing arts organizations. Pittsburgh Opera is internationally recognized for itsproductions, community engagement,education programming, and its prestigiousResident Artist program.
Our audiences can be one of your most valuable resources.  Our performances, concerts, broadcasts, and live and virtual programming reach potential customers and clients across the region and the entire country.
Participate as a Corporate Partner and distinguish your company’s brand with opera.
Stay connected with Pittsburgh Opera, visit us onLinkedIn
Contact Us:
To explore a potential partnership that fits your company, contactTorrance Gricks, Manager of Corporate Development & Event Fundraising, at 412-281-0912 ext. 225.
BENEFITS OF BEING A CORPORATE PARTNER
Partnering with Pittsburgh Opera unlocks exclusive opportunities for your company:
OTHER WAYS FOR YOUR COMPANY TO GIVE
Other ways to give include:

Forever Campaign | Pittsburgh Opera
An Important Campaign Message from General Director Christopher Hahn:
Inspired by the power of the human voice to change lives, five visionary women founded Pittsburgh Opera, now the seventh oldest opera company in the United States. Today,Forever, our 80th Anniversary Campaign, honors their foresight and legacy as we prepare for our next 80 years.
Pittsburgh Opera has a significant record of excellence, authenticity, and passion. The superb quality of our on-stage productions, Resident Artists program, and community engagement initiatives is recognized internationally.
We are among the very few opera companies that owns our facilities for rehearsal, costumes, and administration. Our building was built in 1869 as George Westinghouse’s original air brake factory, which perfectly illustrates Pittsburgh Opera’s deep and resonant connection to our region and our past.

Galaxy Society | Pittsburgh Opera
THE ULTIMATE WAY TO EXPERIENCE OPERA
Become a member of the Galaxy Society and experience all that Pittsburgh Opera has to offer. Play a key role in the success of the organization while meeting fellow opera lovers during private events, getting to know the artistic team, and enjoying exclusive benefits designed to provide you with the ultimate opera experience.
Give online today, or contactJennifer Shorstein Clark, Senior Manager of Individual Giving, or call 412-281-0912 x 259.
*If you have questions, please email theDevelopment Department.
BENEFITS OF ARTIST'S CIRCLE: $3,500 - $4,999 or $290+ monthly
When you give $3,500 - $4,999 as an individual, you are a member of the ARTIST'S CIRCLE and the GALAXY SOCIETY, and we offer you these benefits:
*Invitations sent via email
**Subject to availability
BENEFITS OF DIRECTOR'S CIRCLE: $5,000 - $9,999 or $415+ monthly
When you give $5,000 - $9,999 as an individual, you are a member of the DIRECTOR'S CIRCLE and the GALAXY SOCIETY, and we offer you these benefits:
Give online todayor set up amonthly giftnow, or contactJennifer Shorstein Clark, Senior Manager of Individual Giving, or call 412-281-0912 x 259.
*Invitations sent via email
**Subject to availability
BENEFITS OF PRODUCER'S CIRCLE: $10,000 - $24,999 or $830+ monthly
When you give $10,000 - $24,999 as an individual, you are a member of the PRODUCER'S CIRCLE and the GALAXY SOCIETY, and we offer you these benefits:
Give online todayor set up amonthly giftnow, or contactJennifer Shorstein Clark, Senior Manager of Individual Giving, or call 412-281-0912 x 259.
*Invitations sent via email
**Subject to availability
BENEFITS OF DONORS AT $25,000+
When you give $25,000 and above as an individual, you are a member of the GALAXY SOCIETY, and we offer you these benefits:
For more information or to discuss customizable benefits, contactJennifer Shorstein Clark, Senior Manager of Individual Giving, or call 412-281-0912 x 259.

Advertise With Us | Pittsburgh Opera
Audience at The Summer King - the Josh Gibson Story, 2017. Photo by David Bachman.
Reach Pittsburgh Opera's audience during our season. Advertise your business in our program books!
Pittsburgh Opera's patrons are loyal to organizations that support us. Advertising with us is easy and affordable, and a great way to be part of our performances' excitement.
For our 2024-25 season, we will be offering our audiences both printed program books and digital programs through our mobile app.
For more information and inquiries, pleaseview our ratebook, call 412-471-1497 oremail our Advertising Sales team.

Solich Piano at Pittsburgh Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Solich Piano is Pittsburgh Opera's exclusive piano provider.
Every year, Pittsburgh Opera receives an annual loan of new Yamaha pianos for our rehearsal, coaching, and performance needs. These pianos are provided at no charge to us. We use these pianos for artist rehearsals, our upcoming performances and our many free community events.
To support this loan program, these and other fine pianos are annually offered for sale and then replaced with new ones. All pianos are sold at institutional prices not normally available in retail stores.
In addition to the pianos on loan, allocated grands, uprights, digitals, hybrids, Disklavier player pianos, as well as a selection of used pianos will be sold at significant discounts from their regular prices. New and used pianos will be available for sale from top-quality brands such as Yamaha, Bösendorfer, Clavinova, Estonia, Baldwin, and others. The loaned pianos have been expertly maintained and many are less than one year old. All of the new and loaned pianos come with manufacturer warranties and technical services.
Our 2024 Piano Salewill be held fromThursday, August 22 to Sunday, August 25on-site at theBitz Opera Factory, 2425 Liberty Ave., Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
Make your appointmentto purchase a piano with priority selection and special pricing.

Give Now to Pittsburgh Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera provides a variety of ways for you to be a supporter, fromvolunteering, toindividual giving, to sponsoring acclaimed productions, toincluding us in your estate plans, to attendingour Special Events, to funding educational programs that reach thousands of students.
Your gift, whetherone timeormonthly, large or small, makes a difference to opera in Pittsburgh. Call ourDevelopment Departmentat 412-281-0912, ext. 231 for questions or to make a contribution, or use our secure gift form togive online todayor set up amonthly gift. Thank you for your support!
Ways to Give
By phone:412-281-0912 ext. 231
By mail:make checks payable to “Pittsburgh Opera” and send to:
Pittsburgh OperaAttn: Development Department2425 Liberty AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15222
By stock transfer:donate appreciated stock and you may be eligible for significant tax benefits. Call 412-281-0912 ext. 226 or email the Development Department for more information.
Pittsburgh Opera provides a variety of additional opportunities for support, includingmembership gifts,corporate sponsorships,planned giving,special events, andvolunteering.
Individual Giving
Pittsburgh Opera values every contribution and strives every day to use them wisely.
Whether supporting ourEducationprograms, ourResident Artist program, our productions, or ourcommunity events, you can be sure that your contribution goes a long way.
Clickhereto make a secure contribution, or contact us at 412-281-0912 ext. 231.
Contributions to Pittsburgh Opera are tax-deductible. The official registration and financial information of Pittsburgh Opera may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
Planned Giving
The Monteverdi Society – Pittsburgh Opera's Planned Giving Society
More than 400 years ago, Claudio Monteverdi shared his talent with the world and established a new art form that became known as opera. Since then, millions of people all over the world have been enriched by Monteverdi’s legacy.
Opera was Monteverdi’s legacy; what will your legacy be?
Become a member of theMonteverdi Societyby:
Matching Gifts
Meet your "match" and let your contribution to Pittsburgh Opera spark another gift.
Many employers have matching gift programs to match charitable contributions made by their employees. Gifts from retirees may also qualify for a match. Participating in your company’s matching gift program is a great way for you to enable your employer to join with you in supporting your philanthropy to Pittsburgh Opera.
Click herefor information and frequently asked questions.
More Ways to Give
There are many other ways to give to Pittsburgh Opera, including
To discuss how your gift will ensure Pittsburgh Opera’s future excellence and how to go about making your gift, please contact ourDevelopment Departmentat 412-281-0912, ext. 259.
Contributions to Pittsburgh Opera are tax-deductible. The official registration and financial information of Pittsburgh Opera may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.
Resident Artist Sponsorship
Hailed as one of the country's leading training programs for young singers, Pittsburgh Opera's Resident Artist Program provides professional development during a two-year period.
Sponsors support opera stars of the future while building personal relationships with their designated artists, many of whom stay in touch over the course of their careers. Sponsorship opportunities begin with a minimum gift of $10,000, and directly underwrite artists’ engagement and training with Pittsburgh Opera.
For more information, please contactRachel Kisic, Director of Development, at 412-281-0912 x226.

Pittsburgh Opera Corporate Partners | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera thanks our generous Corporate Partners for their commitment to bringing world-class opera and quality arts education programs to Pittsburgh and beyond.
2023-24 SEASON*
Season Sponsor:
Performance Sponsor:
Corporate Annual Fund Partners:
Spang and Company Charitable Trust
Key Event Sponsors:
Season Media Sponsor:
Brown Bag Concerts Media Sponsor:
In-Kind Sponsors:
Pittsburgh Opera is happy to partner withWolf Consulting LLC, an award-winning MSP providing managed IT services in Pittsburgh to local businesses.
* As of June 30, 2024
PITTSBURGH CULTURAL TRUST
Pittsburgh Opera gratefully acknowledges the contribution that thePittsburgh Cultural Trustmakes to our organization by renting us performance space at preferred rates.

Support Pittsburgh Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Together we thrive as a strong and vibrant contributor to our community.
Get to know us by watching the video above, produced by our friends at MarketSpace Communications.
By supporting Pittsburgh Opera, you play a critical role in our region’s cultural vitality and growth:
You enrich our city, making Pittsburgh a beacon for world-class opera ranging fromtraditional favorites to provocative new music, and ensuring the highest level of artistic excellence, even while ticket sales cover less than half the real cost of opera.
You foster rising talent, building opera stars of the future through theResident Artist Program, ranked in the top-five training programs nationally.
You inspire the next generation,bringing educational workshopsand student matinees to 20,000 young people, many of whom are experiencing opera for the very first time.
You create opportunities for everyone, carrying opera into the community withfree and approachable performancesin diverse neighborhoods throughout our region.
You build a community, meeting and mingling with fellow opera lovers at ourSpecial Eventsto discover new friends and colleagues.
You join a legacy, uniting with people who have led Pittsburgh Opera from its roots as a female-led organization to its prominence today as the seventh oldest company in the United States.
Pittsburgh Opera israted Platinum, their highest rating, by industry-leadingGuidestar, an information service specializing in reporting on U.S. nonprofit companies.
Pittsburgh Opera has been evaluated byCharity Navigator, the world’s largest and most trusted nonprofit evaluator, and earned a Four-Star Rating. This is the highest possible rating on Charity Navigator. Charity Navigator’s third-party accreditation validates our organization’s operational excellence.
Contributions to Pittsburgh Opera are tax-deductible. The official registration and financial information of Pittsburgh Opera may be obtained from the Pennsylvania Department of State by calling toll-free, within Pennsylvania, 1-800-732-0999. Registration does not imply endorsement.

Join Us | Pittsburgh Opera
You can join with others who have pledged their support to make the vision of Pittsburgh Opera continue for the next 80 years.
Pittsburgh Opera has touched tens of thousands of peoples’ lives through our performances on stage and outreach into classrooms and communities. We are recognized nationally and internationally for the quality of our productions and programming. We are stewards of that legacy. Just as we, today, are grateful to the foresight and vision of the five women who believed that the power of opera could transform Pittsburgh, audiences 80 years hence will thank you for preserving the excellence, authenticity and passion of Pittsburgh Opera for them and for their children.
Pittsburgh Opera’s80th AnniversaryForeverattractsspecial philanthropic giftsat all levels from opera supporters across the country, brings new and increased participation in theAnnual Fund, and builds donor legacies throughEstate and Planned Giving.
Please become a part of Pittsburgh Opera’s future by supporting the 80th Anniversary Campaign:
Campaign Co-chairs:
Pittsburgh Opera's 2021-22 Resident Artists, photo by David Bachman

Campaign Goals | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera'sForever80th Anniversary Capital Campaign is a $50 million comprehensive campaign to promote our three cornerstones of Art, Community, and Resilience.
This campaign will honor our history and tradition of quality, help make Pittsburgh Opera a model of entrepreneurship and inclusion, and secure one of Pittsburgh’s great cultural treasures for future generations.
ART– changing lives through the power of voice and helping opera thrive as an art form in the 21st century
COMMUNITY– celebrating human connectedness
RESILIENCE– preparing for change
We invite you to join us. Learn how toget involved in our 80th Anniversary Campaign. Or,make a one-time giftto Pittsburgh Opera.

Sustaining Giving | Pittsburgh Opera
Join the Pittsburgh Opera Family and play a leading role when youbecome a monthly donor!
Why give monthly?
1.Consistent Support: Monthly, sustaining giving allows you to make a gift that fits into your budget and provides Pittsburgh Opera with a stable, predictable source of funding. We can focus on creating the music while you focus on enjoying it!
2.Convenience and Flexibility: Monthly giving is hassle-free. Once you set up your recurring donation, your contribution will be automatically deducted from your chosen payment method each month. You have full control over the amount you give, and you can easily adjust, pause, or stop your donation at any time.
3.Deeper Impact: Your monthly gift accumulates over time to make a significant impact and can easily add up to asubstantial annual contribution. This allows us to both budget our resources more efficiently.
4.Community of Supporters: You join a group of creative individuals who share a passion for opera and the arts. Connect with fellow supporters and be part of a vibrant network that celebrates the transformational power of the performing arts.
Join us today!
Questions? Prefer to give by phone? Call Victoria Touscany at (412) 281-0912 x 231

Government Support | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera receives generous and vital contributions from multiple local, state and federal government bodies and agencies.
These contributions help enable Pittsburgh Opera to fulfill our mission of enriching Pittsburgh and the tri-state area by:
Some of these benefactors include:

Matching Gift Program | Pittsburgh Opera
Double or Triple Your Impact!
Many employers have matching gift programs to match charitable contributions made by their employees. Gifts from retirees may also qualify for a match. Participating in your company’s matching gift program is a great way for you to enable your employer to join with you in supporting your philanthropy to Pittsburgh Opera.
If you are a Pittsburgh Opera volunteer, your company may also have a Volunteer Grant Program.
Please contactTorey Gricksfor more information about Pittsburgh Opera and increasing your support through leveraging your corporate match, or check out ourFrequently Asked Questionssection below.
Thank you for increasing the impact of your gift through corporate matching.  Your support helps Pittsburgh Opera continue bringing world-class opera and quality arts education programming to Pittsburgh and beyond.
Pittsburgh Opera Matching Information:Address: 2425 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh PA 15222Phone: 412-281-0912Email:Torey GricksTax-ID or EIN #: 25-1073139
WHAT IS A MATCHING GIFT?
Employee matching gift programs are corporate giving programs.
For example, if you work for Highmark and donate $100 to Pittsburgh Opera, Highmark’s matching gift program has a minimum gift requirement of $100 and matches your gift at a 1:1 ratio. After you submit your matching gift form, Highmark will effectively double your gift by giving $100 to Pittsburgh Opera, as well.
Retirees may also qualify for a match.
It's a quick and easy way to increase the impact of your gift and leverage your company’s support for Pittsburgh Opera.
HOW DO I REQUEST A MATCHING GIFT FROM MY COMPANY TO THE OPERA?
Requesting a matching gift is a quick process that you must initiate. You can do this by completing and submitting either a paper form provided by your employer or submitting the information through your company’s electronic submission process. Your company will then send its matching gift to Pittsburgh Opera.
There are typically 3 steps:
1.Give to Pittsburgh OperaMake your gift to Pittsburgh Opera and save your tax receipt. Your company’s matching gift program may allow up to one year after you've made your gift for you to request a corporate match.
2. Search for your company’s matching gift programDetermine if your company has a matching gift program and review the guidelines and your eligibility on your company’s website or contact your company’s human resource department directly to ask whether they offer a matching gift program.
3. Submit your MatchThere are two ways to submit the matching gift request:
Pittsburgh Opera2425 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh PA 15222Attn: Torey Gricks
WHAT ARE VOLUNTEER GRANT PROGRAMS?
Volunteer grant programs are corporate giving programs in which companies provide monetary gifts to organizations where employees volunteer regularly
For example, if you volunteer as an usher for our performances, your employer could potentially make a monetary gift for our volunteer time.
I GAVE TO THE OPERA A FEW MONTHS AGO. CAN I STILL APPLY FOR A MATCHING GIFT?
Yes, it's not too late to apply for a matching gift. Your company may even allow you to submit match requests for 1 year following the date of your gift.
CAN MY COMPANY'S MATCHING GIFT BE APPLIED TO SUPPORT AN OPERA EVENT OR TO A TEAM FUNDRAISING GOAL?
Absolutely! Matching gifts are an excellent opportunity to increase event and team fundraising goals. EmailTorey Gricksfor more information.
WHAT IF I STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?
For questions regarding your company's matching gift program policies, please contact your employer's human resource department.
For questions regarding obtaining a tax receipt or submitting and verifying a matching gift request, please emailTorey Gricksor 412-281-0912 x225.

Volunteer at Pittsburgh Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Volunteering at Pittsburgh Opera
Because opera includes all the arts, it provides rich opportunities to experience and observe artists of all kinds. Volunteers who give their time and expertise at Pittsburgh Opera learn, while "working in the wings," the amazing amount of effort and skill it takes to produce opera.
Pittsburgh Opera occasionally needs volunteers at events and for special projects. During an individual interview, we determine if a volunteer’s interests and skills match Pittsburgh Opera’s needs.
If you are interested in volunteering, emailMarilyn Michalka Egan, Ph.D., Director of Education, or call her at 412-281-0912 ext. 242.

Foundation Support | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera is very grateful for the generous contributions of many local, regional, and national foundations. Together, we share a commitment to creating a vibrant cultural environment and fostering community vitality in our region.
Support from our foundation partners enables Pittsburgh Opera to present performances at the highest level of artistic excellence, engage diverse audiences with innovative education programs, and nurture future opera stars at the internationally-renowned Resident Artist Program.
To learn more about what your foundation gift could provide to Pittsburgh Opera,email Julia Leyzarovich, Manager of Institutional Giving, or call her at 412-281-0912, ext. 204.
Pittsburgh Opera thanks:
List updated as of April 2024

Matching Gift FAQs | Pittsburgh Opera
Matching Gift Frequently Asked Questions
What is a matching gift?
Employee matching gift programs are corporate giving programs.
For example, if you work for Highmark and donate $100 to Pittsburgh Opera, Highmark’s matching gift program has a minimum gift requirement of $100 and matches your gift at a 1:1 ratio. After you submit your matching gift form, Highmark will effectively double your gift by giving $100 to Pittsburgh Opera, as well.
Retirees may also qualify for a match.
It's a quick and easy way to increase the impact of your gift and leverage your company’s support for Pittsburgh Opera.
How do I request a matching gift from my company to the Opera?
Requesting a matching gift is a quick process that you must initiate. You can do this by completing and submitting either a paper form provided by your employer or submitting the information through your company’s electronic submission process. Your company will then send its matching gift to Pittsburgh Opera.
There are typically 3 steps:
1.Give to Pittsburgh OperaMake your gift to Pittsburgh Opera and save your tax receipt. Your company’s matching gift program may allow up to one year after you've made your gift for you to request a corporate match.2.Search for your company’s matching gift programUsing the search bar below, determine if your company has a matching gift program and review the guidelines and your eligibility. If there are no results for your company, contact your company’s human resource department directly to ask whether they offer a matching gift program.3.Submit your MatchThere are two ways to submit the matching gift request:
Pittsburgh Opera2425 Liberty Ave, Pittsburgh PA 15222Attn:Torey Gricks
What are Volunteer Grant Programs?
Volunteer grant programs are corporate giving programs in which companies provide monetary gifts to organizations where employees volunteer regularly.
For example, if you volunteer as an usher for our performances, your employer could potentially make a monetary gifts for our volunteer time.
Each company has specific guidelines for its volunteer grant program. Search in the field above to see if your company offers this benefit and find all the information needed to submit your volunteer time.
I gave to the Opera a few months ago. Can I still apply for a matching gift?
Yes, it's not too late to apply for a matching gift. Your company may even allow you to submit match requests for 1 year following the date of your gift.
Can my company's matching gift be applied to support an Opera event or to a team fundraising goal?
Absolutely! Matching gifts are an excellent opportunity to increase event and team fundraising goals. EmailTorey Gricksfor more information.
What if I still have questions?
For questions regarding your company's matching gift program policies, please contact your employer's human resource department.
For questions regarding obtaining a tax receipt or submitting and verifying a matching gift request, please contactTorey Gricksfor more information.

Membership | Pittsburgh Opera
Daughter of the Regiment, 2015. Photo credit: David Bachman
You have a role to play.
Become a Pittsburgh Opera Member and lend your voice to world-class opera, outstanding educational outreach, and young artist training. Plus, join today, and you’ll receive a year of exclusive perks and behind-the-scenes invitations.Join now with aone-time gift, or set up amonthly giftnow, or call us at (412) 281-0912 x231.
Want more?Explore the Galaxy Society.
*If you have questions, please email theDevelopment Department.
BENEFITS OF FRIEND: $150 - $299 or $12+ monthly
When you give $150 - $299 as an individual, you are a FRIEND, and we offer you these benefits:
For more information, emailVictoria Touscanyor call 412-281-0912 x 231.
*Invitations to Sitzprobe, Dress Rehearsals, and Cast Parties are sent via email
BENEFITS OF SPONSOR: $300 - $499 or $25+ monthly
When you give $300 - $499 as an individual, you are a SPONSOR, and we offer you these benefits:
For more information, emailVictoria Touscanyor call 412-281-0912 x 231.
*Invitations to Sitzprobe, Dress Rehearsals, and Cast Parties are sent via email
BENEFITS OF PATRON: $500 - $999 or $40+ monthly
When you give $500 - $999 as an individual, you are a PATRON, and we offer you these benefits:
For more information, emailVictoria Touscanyor call 412-281-0912 x 231.
*Invitations to Sitzprobe, Dress Rehearsals, and Cast Parties are sent via email
BENEFITS OF BENEFACTOR: $1,000 - $3,499 or $80+ monthly
When you give $1,000 - $3,499 as an individual, you are a BENEFACTOR, and we offer you these benefits:
For more information, emailVictoria Touscanyor call 412-281-0912 x 231.
*Invitations to Sitzprobe, Dress Rehearsals, and Cast Parties are sent via email

Monteverdi Society | Pittsburgh Opera
The Monteverdi  Society recognizes opera lovers who have deepened their commitment to Pittsburgh Opera and invested in its future by providing a legacy gift of any size in their estate plans.
Named after the father of the structure of opera as we know it today, the Monteverdi Society ensures the all-encompassing art form of opera for future generations.
We are grateful for the members of the Monteverdi Society and for the lasting mark they make on the opera world and on our community.
Reduce your tax burden and ensure that more of your assets are distributed in accordance with your wishes - become a member of the Monteverdi Society today.
For more information, please contact:
Anita SammartinoMonteverdi Society Advisor412-742-7151Contact Anita via email
Rachel KisicDirector of Development412-281-0912Contact Rachel via email
WAYS TO JOIN THE MONTEVERDI SOCIETY
Become a member of the Monteverdi Society by:
Learn more about these and other related topics on our Planned Giving microsite,pittsburghoperalegacy.org.
To discuss how your legacy gift will ensure Pittsburgh Opera’s future excellence and how to go about making your gift, please contact:
Anita SammartinoMonteverdi Society Advisor412-742-7151Contact Anita via email

