The Ultimate Guide to Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh.

The Ultimate Guide to Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh.
Discover some of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh with scrumptious meals, refreshing drinks, cozy seating and more.
Explore Pittsburgh’s thriving culinary scene, where the restaurants are “pasta-tively” incredible. Whether you’re looking for pizza options or seeking a new spin on your favorite spaghetti dish, Pittsburgh features a variety of Italian dining spots for all foodies. Traverse across the city, finding appetizing meals in the Downtown area or neighborhoods such as Lawrenceville and the South Side.

DiAnoia’s Eatery.
2549 Penn Avenue.
Unwind in a home-away-from-home experience with friendly service and an inviting atmosphere. This Strip District staple features an Italian bistro interior with a wide range of pastries, coffee and pastas. Vegetarian foodies will enjoy a dish like the cacio e pepe, which offers spaghetti that’s topped with romano cheese, parmesan cheese and black pepper. Looking for a morning bite? Make a new breakfast routine at DiAnoia’s Eatery, enjoying an espresso and a sweet treat.

Enrico’s Biscotti Café.
2022 Penn Avenue.
Swing by this café and pastry shop in the Strip District, taking in the wafting aromas of sugar and spices. Enrico’s pastry side bakes an assortment of sweet biscuits, macaroons and cakes as take-home types of treats. The café side offers dine-in services in a narrow alley behind the storefront. Enrico’s serves breakfast and lunch options with a specialty in wood-fired pizzas that are thin-crusted and are topped with heaping amounts of melted mozzarella cheese.

Fish Nor Fowl.
5523 Penn Avenue.
This East Liberty-based dining spot transform simple ingredients into stunning presentations of food. Planning a group outing? Order a series of small plates, including stuffed peppers, bone marrow risotto, and mussels. Sit by the restaurant's gorgeous wall of greenery and be immersed in stylish interiors.

Girasole Restaurant.
733 Copeland Street.
Located in the Shadyside area, Girasole Restaurant serves a variety of Italian dishes in a vibrant atmosphere. Transport yourself to an old seaside villa with cobblestone walls, savoring the authentic taste of Italian cuisine with each bite. Make a plan to visit this dining spot for each season, browsing through a rotating menu and enjoying an adventurous new meal like squid ink linguine.

Senti.
3473 Butler Street.
Crispy textures, savory sauces and creamy cheeses are some of the culinary delights at Senti. Enter a chic and modern space, where scrumptious meals such as béchamel-infused arancini and fresh caprese salads await. Art lovers will enjoy traveling from one of Pittsburgh’s awe-inspiring museums to this restaurant, which is adorned with stunning paintings.

Sienna Mercato.
942 Penn Avenue.
Located in Downtown Pittsburgh, this three-story eatery offers a variety of dining options for all culinary enthusiasts. Visit Sienna Mercato’s rooftop beer garden and admire sweeping views of Pittsburgh’s iconic skyscrapers. For an indoor date night spot, pick a table that’s located under a glass ceiling and hanging string lights. Enjoy traditional Italian flavors from charcuterie boards, pizzas, risottos and more.

Talia Cucina.
611 William Penn Place.
Immerse yourself in a film noir-like setting with upscale interiors and elegant presentations of modern Italian cuisine. Talia Cucina cultivates an inviting ambience and features a wide range of delectable bites. Try the focaccia with a variety of spreads which features a cauliflower dip and a tomato onion jam spread. Seafood lovers will savor the shrimp and polenta appetizer, as well as the scallop risotto.

Vallozzi’s Pittsburgh.
220 Fifth Avenue.
This Downtown Pittsburgh restaurant is just a short walk from an array of nearby theaters. Vallozzi’s Pittsburgh features decadent lunch and dinner options ranging from Sicilian pizzas and beef sandwiches to pappardelle bolognese and chicken parmesan dishes. Sip on ingenious cocktail creations from expert mixologists, or select a drink from a selection of local and Italian microbrews.

Alla Famiglia.
804 E Warrington Avenue.
Explore traditional Italian fare in a two-story restaurant which features a cocktail lounge and an outdoor patio area. Alla Famiglia embraces iconic Italian meals with a dish like the seafood diavola, tasting shrimps, scallops and a lobster tail in a spicy plum tomato sauce. With an on-site sommelier, you’ll receive the quintessential wine pairing to accompany your food.

Alta Via.
46 Fox Chapel Road & 2 PPG Place.
Uncover divine bursts of flavors and rich textures at Alta Via. With two locations in Fox Chapel Plaza and the Downtown area, this restaurant cultivates a modern twist on classic Italian food. Wander through a snazzy interior with hanging plants, trying sensational delights such as homemade focaccia bread and fried calamari.

Bar Marco.
2216 Penn Avenue.
Make your way to a blend of upscale and rustic interiors, settling into an intimate and cozy atmosphere. Located in a former fire engine building, this restaurant offers a variety of mouthwatering eats and drinks. Must-try dishes include the decadent potato gnocchi and tantalizing orecchiette (soaked in a beef ragu sauce). Don’t miss pairing your meal with a drink from Bar Marco’s natural wine collection.

Buon Giorno Cafe.
20 Stanwix St #1.
This quaint cafe is brimming with a variety of nourishing meals. Have a proper Italian breakfast with a biscotti and a cappuccino. Brunch enthusiasts will relish an array of sandwich options with affordable prices. After finishing your new morning ritual at this cafe, take home a box of assorted pastries and baked goods.

Cucina Vitale.
2516 E Carson Street.
Based near the South Side area, Cucina Vitale serves flavorsome dishes in a casual atmosphere. Begin your dinner with the stuffed banana peppers that are bursting with sweet sausage and topped with red sauce and mozzarella cheese. Dive into an appetizing entrée like the decadent chicken marsala, carefully prepared in a rich wine sauce. Foodies with a sweet tooth will enjoy the lemon mascarpone cheesecake that’s drizzled with a wild berry sauce.

Dish Osteria and Bar.
128 S 17th Street.
This charming eatery will captivate your senses with Sicilian- and Mediterranean-infused dishes. With a European bistro-like interior, it's easy to settle into a snug space. Limoncello cheesecake and rigatoni with scamorza prosciutto are just some of the divine staples at Dish Osteria and Bar.

Emerson's.
435 Market Street 2nd Floor.
Wander through a restaurant and cocktail lounge that combines fine dining experiences with budget-friendly prices. Start with the truffle fries, which are enhanced with black truffle zest and sage aioli. For the main course, try the dry-aged steak with tomato and sweet onion jam.

Garbarino's.
5925 Baum Boulevard.
This fourth generation-owned family restaurant boasts abundant portions and delightful Italian American food. Find a table near the bar's television which typically plays the "Godfather," or watch expert chefs masterfully prepare your meal. After you've fallen in love with a dish like the gnocchetti, purchase quarts of Garbarino's flavorful pasta sauces.

Joseph Tambellini Restaurant.
5701 Bryant Street.
Featuring a friendly atmosphere and an attentive staff, it's easy to find memorable dinner outings at Joseph Tambellini Restaurant. Local-favorite items include fried zucchini, cheese ravioli, and tiramisu. This dining place is a perfect spot for a special celebration, whether it's for a graduation or anniversary.

La Tavola Italiana Restaurant.
1 Boggs Avenue.
Looking for a BYOB place to eat? La Tavola Italiana Restaurant lets visitors enjoy their favorite drinks with hearty meals. For visitors who are feeling under the weather, the wedding soup is a comforting dish that will just hit the spot. As for a filling entree, the gamberi amore unveils a harmonious balance of flavors with shrimp, banana peppers, mushrooms, and linguini.

Legends Eatery.
500 E North Avenue.
Embrace old school Italian cuisine with heaping amounts of food. Situated in the North Side area, Legends Eatery serves nostalgic meals that will remind you of your grandmother's cooking. Indulge in ravishing menu items such as the mussels diablo, which is sauteed with garlic and gravy, and the Marsala wine-coated chicken scallopini.

LeVia Trattoria.
5336 Butler Street.
This culinary establishment specializes in developing innovative twists on Italian classics. Marvel at breathtaking arrangements of ingredients with a meal like the swordfish, which is served with a white bean and garlic puree. With meals such as the crispy pork belly and lemon ricotta ravioli, it's clear that each menu item is carefully prepared for a spectacular dinner.

Lucca Ristorante.
317 S Craig Street.
Explore an art-filled lunch or dinner at this Oakland-based restaurant with stained glass windows and captivating paintings. Taste the freshness of al dente pasta that’s rolled by hand, devouring a dish like lobster ravioli or the shrimp scampi. Savor each bite of masterfully made meals, experiencing the chef’s intricate attention to detail in your appetizer, entree and dessert.

Mercurio's.
5523 Walnut Street.
This casual eatery boasts an array of sweet and savory bites and is a popular Shadyside place for gelato and pizza. Seeking a warm sandwich with plenty of cheese for lunch? Try Mercurio's paninis with a dish like the melazana, enjoying roasted tomato sauce and ricotta cheese. Don't miss having a scoop of the caramel coffee crunch or apple pie gelato for dessert.

Osteria 2350.
2350 Railroad Street.
With locally sourced ingredients and a smorgasbord of luscious flavors, this dining establishment is a must-try restaurant in the Strip District. Offering patio seating, visitors will relish the charming streets of the surrounding area. Take in sweet bites of the golden beet salad, or indulge in the savory goodness of gnocchi that's covered with a pistachio pesto sauce.

Piccolo Forno.
3801 Butler Street.
This Lawrenceville-situated dining spot is a Tuscan style restaurant that features handcrafted pastas, wood-fired pizzas and succulent desserts. Explore a modern spin on traditional Italian food with a dish like spaghetti, which is tossed in Calabrian pepper-infused butter. Indulge in pizza with a variety of creative toppings such as spicy honey and lemons.

Pino’s.
6738 Reynolds Street.
Truffled burrata, baked olives and comforting pasta meals are part of the flavorful menu items that you’ll find at Pino’s in Point Breeze. Make yourself comfortable in a laid back space, taking in the vibrantly painted interior with striking artworks. Build your own pizza with customizable toppings, adding fresh vegetables and savory ingredients such as smoked bacon and prosciutto.

Pizzaiolo Primo.
8 Market Square.
Complete an action-packed day at Market Square with local Italian food. Pizzaiolo Primo will even astound your picky eaters with ingredients that taste like they were just picked from the gardens of the Tuscan countryside. With one bite into a dish like the linguini florentina, this restaurant proves that you don't need a plane ticket to be immersed in true Italian cuisine.

Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room.
139 7th Street.
Seeking a family-friendly place to eat in Downtown Pittsburgh? Proper Brick Oven and Tap Room offers a variety of pizza and pasta options, as well as gluten-free bites for all palettes. With a relaxed atmosphere and modern industrial space, this dining place exudes a warm ambience for casual hangouts. Select from one of the many beers on tap and enjoy a slice of wood-fired pizza. Must-try savory pies include the pesto and margherita pizzas.

Scarpino.
960 Penn Ave.
Be immersed in a cinematic setting with warm mood lighting and stylish furnishings. Planning a dinner with a large group of friends? Huddle with your loved ones in luxurious booth seating, trying a menu that's artfully tailored to various palates. Browse through the drink offerings and pick a nectarous beverage like the "Dudefather."

Scoglio's Greentree.
661 Andersen Drive #100.
This culinary establishment redefines the term "delicious" with items such as fried zucchini, panko-breaded veal, and sausage-stuffed banana peppers. Scoglio's Greentree sets the scene for a relaxing ambience with classy decor and a friendly staff. Try the bolognese with slow roasted tomato sauce, tasting a pleasant burst of umami.

Zarra's Restaurant.
3887 Bigelow Boulevard.
Travel to the south of Italy in Pittsburgh with this family-owned dining spot. Containing a museum-like space with antique accents, Zarra's showcases traditional recipes that have been passed down through generations. Discover a hearty favorite like the Zarra sampler, featuring a medley of lasagna, meatballs, sausages, and eggplant romano. Make it a special meal by looking through a curated selection of drinks and enjoying a full-bodied glass of wine.
With a wide range of Italian food options for brunch, lunch, dinner and dessert, you’ll find that Pittsburgh has limitless “pasta-bilities” for unforgettable dining experiences 🍝

Blog Posts.
13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft Breweries.
Burgers in the ​‘Burgh.
20+ Great Pizza Places in Pittsburgh.
15 Foods You Can Only Get in Pittsburgh.
Dig in to Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024.
Feasting Through Pittsburgh: My Journey & Foodie Guide | Student Perspectives.
Spicy Noodles of Pittsburgh.

Related Content:
DiAnoia's Eatery2549 Penn Ave
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.
Enrico Biscotti2022 Penn Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.
Fish Nor Fowl5523 Penn Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15206.
Girasole Restaurant733 Copeland St.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15232.
Sienna Mercato942 Penn Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.
Talia Cucina & Rosticerria425 Sixth Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219.
Vallozzi's Pittsburgh220 Fifth Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.