March 16, 2025 to May 9, 2025 9:00 PM –10:30 PM
The Latchkey Kids
We're home alone, so come over for a variety show featuring improv, live music, stand-up comedy, and vintage videos from those wonderfully horrible 90s. And 80s. And maybe like some early 2000s. But nothing after 2002. We do have integrity. Join us and special guests as we celebrate the media that made us who we are (for better or worse)! The Latchkey Kids were voted one of the Best Comedy Troupes of 2021 by the readers of Pittsburgh City Paper. Our parents are very proud, but they do wish we wouldn't curse so much.

Happens on the following Dates:

Jan 10, 2025, 9:00pm to 10:30pm Timezone: EST

Mar 14, 2025, 9:00pm to 10:30pm Timezone: EST

May 9, 2025, 9:00pm to 10:30pm Timezone: EST



A Sudden Gust of Wind
Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis
April 26, 2024-March 31, 2025

A Sudden Gust of Wind is a newly commissioned public art project by the interdisciplinary Pittsburgh-based and internationally-renowned artists Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis. This outdoor large-scale public artwork consists of a sequence of 200 sculptures installed within the branches of over 80 existing trees throughout the Cultural District.

March 22, 2025 2:00 PM –4:30 PM
Beers in the Burgh Walking Tour
Join Walk the Burgh and make new friends! Meet other beer lovers on this brewery tour while sampling a variety of locally crafted brews. Stroll through one of the most vibrant neighborhoods of Pittsburgh and learn all about the history of beer making in Pittsburgh and Western PA. Get to know the makers behind these craft beers and dive deep into the past and present of Lawrenceville - all that while walking past some of its main landmarks and cultural highlights.Your tour will come with some great discoveries of local businesses as well as cool street art. Join our fun groups and have a wholehearted toast with some new friends! You will love our guide, too, he is a true beer enthusiast!

PRICE: https://www.walktheburgh.com/
INCLUDED: ​ -4 beer stops with a great variety of different beers (some of them you can choose)
-local snacks
-VIP access to brewery operations
-history bits
-enthusiastic and local tour guide
-likely some new friends and a whole lot of fun! ​
TOUR TIMES: Thursdays at 4:30 p.m. Saturdays at 2:00 p.m. ​
DURATION: 2.5 hours
WALKING DISTANCE: approx. 1.3 miles of walking ​
​​TOUR START: Lolev Beer, 5247 Butler St, Pittsburgh, PA 15201 TOUR END: 11th Hour Brewing, 3711 Charlotte Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15201 (1.3 miles from the starting point)

The "Beers in the Burgh Walking Tour" lasts approximately 2.5 hours. As visitors to downtown Pittsburgh walk through the Cultural District they encounter a number of multi-colored kites which appear to be crashed and trapped in trees. Their forms are crumpled, and their fabric tails are animated by the weather, tangling over time within the branches. These art works, discovered rather than pointed out, invite an audience to consider themselves carefully attuned to the material remains of life’s idiosyncrasies. The kites read as a colorful aftermath of an implied celebratory event. A kite festival gone wrong. A sudden gust of wind that broke the string tethering the kite to its owner. With irreverence and humor, Clayton and Lewis explore the interconnectivity and tension within the human-nature relationship. The colorful, tragi-comic kite sculptures that comprise this large-scale public artwork express the amusement and creativity that kites symbolize as well as the sense of disappointment when they cease to function.

A Sudden Gust of Wind by Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis is commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Anastasia James, Director of Galleries & Public Art. This project would not be possible without the efforts of George Dun, Manager of Gallery Facilities & Public Art and art handlers Kennedy Deen, Chris Korch, Josh Rievel, and Jacquet Kehm with assistance by Davine Byon, Curatorial Assistant.

Public Programs
Multiple public programs will be presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust during the exhibition’s run. Initial events include:

Grand Opening | Friday, April 26, 2024 in conjunction with Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District

Community Flying Days | Sunday, June 9, 2024, in conjunction with the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival. Free kites will be provided!

Guests attending The Kite Runner on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh season, May 7-12, may also sense a poignant connection between the simultaneous Cultural District presentations.


Opening and Previous Homes
PNC Park, which opened on April 9, 2001, is the fifth home of the Pittsburgh Pirates since their inception in 1887.

The fledgling National League franchise first began play at Recreation Park, located at the corners of Grant and Pennsylvania Avenues along the Fort Wayne railroad tracks on the North Side. The club then moved to Exposition Park in 1891, which was situated along the Allegheny River between the PNC Park site and where Three Rivers Stadium formerly stood. After 18 years at Exposition, including hosting the first World Series in 1903, the Bucs moved to Forbes Field in Oakland on June 30, 1909. The club spent 61 seasons at Forbes, its longest tenure at any facility, before returning to the North Shore with a move to Three Rivers Stadium on July 16, 1970.

Details
Capacity: 38,362
Cost: $262 million (includes land acquisition)
Design Architect: HOK Sport, Architect of Record: L.D. Astorino
Concessionaire: Aramark Corp.
Construction Consortium: Barton Malow; Dick Corporation
Landscaping/Irrigation/Seeding: Landscape by Design
Distance from seats behind home plate to home plate: 51 feet
Shortest distance from home plate to Allegheny River: 456 feet (RF line)
Bullpens: Located beyond left-center field wall (visitors up front, Pirates in rear)
Playing Surface: 96,750 square feet of Kentucky bluegrass (2.2 acres)
Lighting: 7 light towers with approximately 672 bulbs
TV Monitors: Approximately 645 monitors
Suites: 65, plus four owner suites
Home Plate Club: 400 member private dinner club located behind home plate
Club Seats: 2,900
Outfield Distances
Left Field Foul Line: 325 feet
Left Field Power Alley: 389 feet
Left Center Field: 410 feet
Center Field: 399 feet
Right Field Power Alley: 375 feet
Right Field Foul Line: 320 feet
Outfield Wall Heights
Left Field to Left Center Field: 6 feet
Center Field: 10 feet
Right Field: 21 feet

Pittsburgh was named in 1758, by Scottish General John Forbes, in honor of British statesman William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham. As Forbes was a Scotsman, he probably pronounced the name /ˈpɪtsbərə/ PITS-bər-ə (similar to Edinburgh).[17][18]

Pittsburgh was incorporated as a borough on April 22, 1794, with the following Act:[19] "Be it enacted by the Pennsylvania State Senate and Pennsylvania House of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ... by the authority of the same, that the said town of Pittsburgh shall be ... erected into a borough, which shall be called the borough of Pittsburgh for ever."[20]

From 1891 to 1911, the city's name was federally recognized as "Pittsburg", though use of the final h was retained during this period by the city government and other local organizations.[21][17] After a public campaign, the federal decision to drop the h was reversed.[17] The Pittsburgh Press continued spelling the city without an h until 1921.

Spring Carnival Weekend
April 3-5, 2025
Registration is now open! For more than 100 years, Carnival has been one the most anticipated weekends of the year with Tartans around the world coming together to celebrate this oh-so-CMU tradition. 

Spring Carnival celebrates CMU's traditional mainstays like Booth, Buggy, the Kiltie Band concert and Scotch'n'Soda performances in addition to Midway activities, an all-campus community lunch and more. 


21+ Nights
Experience an exclusive after-hours party at the Science Center’s 21+ Nights, spread across all four floors. With no kids around, dive into deeper science content, witness daring experiments, and enjoy party games with friends. Explore fascinating topics like pop culture, mythology, space, and more. Drinks are available for purchase, making it the perfect adults-only night out in Pittsburgh!

Upcoming events:
21+ Night: Paws and Claws
Fri., April 11
6–10 p.m.

From fur to scales to feathers, we can all agree that our pets are part of the family. Celebrate them with us at the Science Center on National Pet Day! Learn about some fun animal science, explore the exhibits after hours, and help local pets by bringing a toy or food donation.

Snuggle up with some therapy dogs from Animal Friends, and learn about the mental health benefits of pets.
Meet some purrfect adoptable cats from Oakland TNR (Trap, Neuter, Release)
Meet the animal ambassadors who live at the Science Center and hear from our Animals & Habitats team.
Sip on some themed cocktails while you explore the Science Center’s exhibits.


When it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world compares. The Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum tells the stories of Pittsburghers who became champions and champions who became Pittsburghers.

Relive the iconic moments that made them great through hundreds of artifacts and more than 70 interactives in the two-floor museum located inside the History Center. From boxing to baseball, from the sandlots to the professional leagues, your entire family will find something to cheer about.

Hours & Location
Address: 1212 Smallman St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 in the heart of Pittsburgh’s historic Strip District
Hours: Daily from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for the History Center and Sports Museum
Holiday Closures: New Year’s Day, Easter, Thanksgiving, and Christmas.

Best African Food
Tana Ethiopian
5929 Baum Blvd., Eat Liberty.
tanaethiopiancuisine.com

Who needs forks when you have injera bread? As the lone outpost for Ethiopian cuisine, Tana has a special place in Pittsburgh. For the uninitiated, Ethiopian food is usually served on large, family-style platters atop what is essentially a massive pancake. This injera bread is moist and delicious, turning every little fingerful of tibs or doro wat into a savory dumpling. Whether you’re a vegetarian or want to go all-in on a meat sampler, Tana provides a convivial setting for fine finger food. Add to that some refreshing St. George’s lager or a glass of Ethiopian honey wine and you’ve got yourself a great East Liberty date night.
-Colin Williams

2nd: African Eats Cuisine
3rd: Essence

Best Arepa
Arepittas
428 Cherry Way, Downtown.
arepittas.com
2nd: Cilantro y Ajo
3rd: Colombian Spot

Best Bagel
Pigeon Bagels
5613 Hobart St., Squirrel Hill.
pigeonbagels.com
2nd: Three Brothers
3rd: Burgh’s Bagels

Best Bakery
La Gourmandine
Various locations.
lagourmandinebakery.com
2nd: Oakmont Bakery
3rd: Bethel Bakery

Best Bar Food
Bigham Tavern
321 Bigham St., Mt. Washington.
bighamtavern.com
2nd: Kelly’s Bar and Lounge
3rd: Big Jim’s

Best Barista
Mark Phillips at Carnegie Coffee Company
132 E. Main St., Carnegie.
instagram.com/carnegiecoffeecompany
2nd: Grim Wizard Coffee Staff
3rd: Katrina at Bellevue Beans

Best BBQ
Mission BBQ
Multiple locations.
mission-bbq.com
2nd: Walter’s BBQ
3rd: Showcase BBQ

Best Bread
Mancini’s Bakery
601 Woodward Ave., McKees Rocks.
mancinisbakery.com
2nd: Mediterra
3rd: Breadworks

Best Brewery
Grist House
10 E. Sherman St., Millvale.
gristhouse.com
2nd: Lincoln Avenue Brewery
3rd: Hitchhiker

Best Brunch
Pamela’s P&G Diner
Multiple locations.
pamelasdiner.com
2nd: The Grand Concourse
3rd: Speckled Egg

Best Bubble Tea
Tsaocaa
Multiple locations.
tsaocaapa.com
2nd: Fuku Tea
3rd: Bae Bae's Kitchen

Best Burger
Moonlit Burgers
Multiple locations.
moonlitburgers.com
2nd: Tessaro’s
3rd: Burgatory

Best Butcher
Strip District Meats
2123 Penn Ave., Strip District.
stripdistrictmeats.com
2nd: Tom Friday’s
3rd: Fat Butcher

Best Candy Store
Sarris
511 Adams Ave., Canonsburg.
sarriscandies.com
2nd: Grandpa Joe’s
3rd: S&S Candy & Cigar

Best Caribbean Restaurant
Kaya
2000 Smallman St., Strip District.
kaya.menu
2nd: Leon’s
3rd: ShadoBeni

Best Caterer
Just in Thyme
Catering & Events
5316 William Flynn Hwy., Gibsonia.
jitcatering.com/catering
2nd: Black Radish
3rd: Mona Lisa Catering

Best Cheesemonger
Chantal’s
4402 Penn Ave., Bloomfield.
chantalscheese.com
2nd: The Cheese Queen
3rd: Nosh and Curd

Best Chef
Dave Anoia - DiAnoia’s Eatery
2549 Penn Ave., Strip District.
dianoiaseatery.com
2nd: Jamilka Borges (Lilith)
3rd: Chef Chuck Lash (Over Eden)

Best Chinese Restaurant
Sesame Inn
704 Washington Rd., Mt. Lebanon.
sesameinn.com
2nd: Chengdu Gourmet
3rd: Chinatown Inn

Best Cider
Arsenal Cider House
Multiple locations.
arsenalciderhouse.com
2nd: Soergel Orchards
3rd: Threadbare Cider

Best Coffee Shop
Carnegie Coffee Co
132 E. Main St., Carnegie.
instagram.com/carnegiecoffeecompany
2nd: Commonplace Coffee
3rd: Bean Thru

Best Craft Cocktails
Hidden Harbor
1708 Shady Ave., Squirrel Hill.
hiddenharborpgh.com
2nd: Bar Botanico
3rd: The Summit

Best CSA
Freedom Farms
795 Pittsburgh Rd. Butler.
freedomfarmspa.com
2nd: Harvie
3rd: Who Cooks For You

Best Deli
Pennsylvania Macaroni Co.
2010-12 Penn Ave., Strip District.
pennmac.com
2nd: Carson Street Deli
3rd: Smallman Street Deli

Best Deli Fried Chicken
Wagner’s Market
4978 Middle Rd., Gibsonia.
wagnersmarket.com

Shopping at Wagner’s is the epitome of shopping local. This small, family-owned market has been serving the Gibsonia area for decades, offering local produce and other locally sourced products and butchering meats in-house. And, sometime within their 90-plus-year history, they perfected their fried chicken recipe.

If you can find it, tucked behind dense green trees on a winding road up in the ‘burbs, you’ll discover that this hideaway is putting out some damn fine fried chicken. It’s juicy, it’s crunchy, and the crust is perfectly seasoned. Party planners should order at least a week ahead of time by phone to make sure there’s enough chicken for everyone. Or, if you’re having a sudden fried chicken craving for one, stop in, make sure you get the broccoli salad to go with it, pop down in front of the TV, and enjoy. -Stacy Rounds

Best Dessert Menu
Page’s Dairy Mart
4112 E. Carson St., South Side.
pagedairymart.net
2nd: Butterwood Consortium
3rd: Lilith

Best Diner
Pamela’s P&G Diner
Multiple locations. pamelasdiner.com
2nd: Kelly Os
3rd: Ritter's Diner

Best Distillery
Wigle Whiskey
Multiple locations. wiglewhiskey.com
2nd: Maggie’s Farm
3rd: McLaughlins

Best Dog Friendly Restaurant
Redfin Blues
100 Waterfront Dr., Washington’s Landing.
redfinblues.com
2nd: Getaway Bar and Grill
3rd: Pub in the Park

Best Donuts
Oram’s
1406 Seventh Ave., Beaver Falls.
orams.com
2nd: Oakmont Bakery
3rd: Better-Maid

Best Farmer’s Market
Bloomfield Saturday market
5050 Liberty Ave., Bloomfield.
bloomfieldpgh.org/bloomfield-saturday-market
2nd: Bellevue
3rd: Market Square

Best Food Festival
Picklesburgh
picklesburgh.com
2nd: St Nick’s Greek Food Festival (Oakland)
3rd: VegFest

Best Of PGH 2024: Food + Drink
Best Food Relief Effort: 412 Food Rescue
Best Food Relief Effort
412 Food Rescue
412foodrescue.org
2nd: Greater Pittsburgh Food Bank
3rd: Light of Life Rescue Mission

Best Food Truck
Hibachi Lou’s
instagram.com/hibachilou412
2nd: Blue Sparrow
3rd: The Boonseek

Best Fried Chicken
Bird on the Run
Multiple locations.
birdontherun.com
2nd: Coop De Ville
3rd: Frisch’s

Best Fries
Potato Patch
4800 Kennywood Blvd., West Mifflin.
kennywood.com
2nd: Mike & Tony’s Gyros
3rd: Park Bruges

Best Gluten-Free Options
Mullett’s
297 Beverly Rd. Mt. Lebanon.
mullettsmtlebo.com
2nd: Wild Rise Bakery
3rd: Baked True North

Best Greek Restaurant
Anthos
3803 Willow Ave., Castle Shannon.
anthosfoods.com
2nd: Aladdin's Eatery
3rd: Amel’s

Best Gyro
Mike & Tony’s
Multiple locations.
mikeandtonysgyros.com
2nd: Gali’s
3rd: EVIA Greek

Best Happy Hour
Mad Mex
Multiple locations.
madmex.com
2nd: Urban Tap
3rd: Hysyde Lounge

Best Hoagie
Peppi’s
Multiple locations.
peppisubs.com
2nd: Triangle Bar & Grill
3rd: Spak Bros

Best Hot Dog
D’s Six Pax n Dogz
Multiple locations.
ds6pax.com
2nd: Brighton Hot Dog Shoppe
3rd: Pittsburgh Street Dogs

Best Ice Cream
Page’s Dairy Mart
4112 E. Carson St., South Side.
pagedairymart.net
2nd: Millie’s
3rd: Scoops

Best Indian Restaurant
Peoples Indian
5147 Penn Ave. #1, Garfield.
peoplesindianpa.com
2nd: Taj Mahal Pittsburgh
3rd: Taste of India

Best Italian Restaurant
DiAnoia’s Eatery
2549 Penn Ave., Strip District.
dianoiaseatery.com
2nd: Alla Familia
3rd: Dish Osteria

Best Japanese Restaurant
Umami
202 38th St., Lawrenceville.
umamipgh.com
2nd: Little Tokyo
3rd: Ichiban

Best Juice
Pittsburgh Juice Company
3418 Penn Ave., Lawrenceville.
pittsburghjuicecompany.com
2nd: 1:11 Juice Bar
3rd: Live Fresh

Best Kid-Friendly Restaurant
Federal Galley
200 Children’s Way, North Side.
federalgalley.org
2nd: Caliente
3rd: D’s Six Pax and Dogz

Best Of PGH 2024: Food + Drink
Best Korean Restaurant
Bae Bae’s Kitchen
951 Liberty Ave.,
baebaes.kitchen
2nd: Soju
3rd: Golden Pig

Best Latin Restaurant
Arepittas
428 Cherry Way, Downtown.
arepittas.com
2nd: Cilantro y Ajo
3rd: Secretos de Mis Abuelos

Best Margarita
Round Corner Cantina /Esquina Cantina
3720 Butler St., Lawrenceville.
iluvcantina.com
2nd: Tepache Mexican Kitchen & Bar
3rd: Franklin Inn

Best Mexican Restaurant
Totopo
660 Washington Rd., Mt Lebanon.
totopomex.com
2nd: El Campesino
3rd: Condado

Best Middle-Eastern Restaurant
Salem’s
Multiple locations.
salemsmarketgrill.com
2nd: Aladdin’s
3rd: Pitaland

Best Milkshake
Milkshake Factory
Multiple locations.
milkshakefactory.com
2nd: Page’s
3rd: Burgatory

Best Mocktails
Goodlander Cocktail Brewery
6614 Hamilton Ave., Larimer.
goodlandercocktails.com
2nd: The Commoner
3rd: Lawrence Hall

Best New Restaurant
Lilith
238 Spahr St., Shadyside.
lilithpgh.com
2nd: FET-FISK
3rd: Brick n' Mortar

Best Outdoor Dining
Narcisi Winery
4578 Gibsonia Rd., Gibsonia.
narcisiwinery.com
2nd: The Porch
3rd: Nicky’s Thai (North Side)

Best Pierogies
Pierogies Plus
342 Island Ave., McKees Rocks.
pierogiesplus.com
2nd: Apteka
3rd: Cop Out

Best Pizza
Fiori’s Pizzaria
103 Capital Ave., West Liberty.
fiorispizzaria.com
2nd: Mineo’s
3rd: Iron Born

Best Place to Drink Cheap
At home
2nd: Squirrel Hill Cafe
3rd: Jack’s

Best Place to Drink Fancy
Bridges and Bourbon
930 Penn Ave., Downtown.
bridgesandbourbonpgh.com
2nd: Mullett’s
3rd: Love, Katie Distilling

Best Place to Drink Outside
Coughlins
Multiple locations.
eatatcoughlinslaw.com
2nd: Hitchhiker Brewery (Mt. Lebanon)
3rd: Abbey

Best Place to Eat Cheap
Big Jim’s in the Run
201 Saline St., Greenfield.
bigjimsrestaurant.com

A core memory of my yinzer childhood is sitting in Big Jim’s nearly every Friday, eating provolone sticks for dinner and staring at the wall. Well, not the wall, exactly; I was mesmerized by a bizarre, glowing, electronic piece of technicolor landscape artwork that hung in the dining room and scrolled by on a loop. Last I checked, that contraption is gone, but the vibe, stellar food, and low, low prices are as reliable as ever at Big Jim’s in the Run. Order something Italian, order something fried, order something fried and Italian. Whatever it is, you won’t be sorry, and your wallet won’t feel much of a hit.
-Ali Trachta

2nd: Ritter’s
3rd: Bob's Diner

Best Place to Eat Fancy
Alla Famiglia
804 E. Warrington Ave., Allentown.
allafamiglia.com
2nd: Fig & Ash
3rd: Meat and Potatoes

Best Poke Bowl
JJ Poke
110 Atwood St., Oakland.
jjpoke.com
2nd: Slippery Mermaid (Sewickley)
3rd: Kahuna

Best Polish Restaurant
Apteka
4606 Penn Ave., Bloomfield.
aptekapgh.com
2nd: S&D Polish Deli
3rd: Cupka

Best Ramen
Ramen Bar
5860 Forbes Ave., Squirrel Hill.
ramenbarpittsburgh.com
2nd: Fujiya Ramen
3rd: Everyday Noodles

Best Restaurant Beer List
The Urban Tap
Multiple locations. theurbantap.com
2nd: Industry Public House
3rd: The Getaway Bar and Grill

Best Romantic Restaurant
Pusadee’s Garden
5319 Butler St., Lawrenceville. pusadeesgarden.com

Pusadee’s is now in the third phase of its Pokémon-style evolution. While this Upper Lawrenceville staple started out as a humble BYOB Thai spot perfect for thrifty couples, it quickly became beloved for its titular garden, a bountiful oasis along a once-sleepy stretch of Butler. Soon, Pusadee’s had a liquor license and a long wait list — and then it closed for over a year, re-emerging as a palatial restaurant with reconfigured garden seating. The lush plantings, sleek interior, and a menu of elevated Thai staples and bespoke cocktails make this the ultimate Pittsburgh date spot for romantic al fresco and indoor dining. If you’re thinking of proposing here, just make sure to get a reservation at least a few weeks in advance. -Colin Williams

2nd: Monterey Bay
3rd: The Hyeholde

Best Seafood
Off the Hook
908 Warrendale Village Dr., Warrendale.
offthehookfish.com
2nd: Luke Wholey’s Wild Alaskan Grille
3rd: Roland’s

Best Smoothies
Smoothie King
Multiple locations.
smoothieking.com
2nd: Tropical Smoothie
3rd: Aruba Island Bowls

Best Soul Food
Carmi Soul Food
1219 Federal St., North Side.
carmirestaurant.com
2nd: Showcase BBQ
3rd: Cuddy’s at Lawrence Hall

Best Soup
Eat’n Park
Multiple locations.
eatnpark.com
2nd: Zuppas Deli
3rd: Everyday Noodle

Best Of PGH 2024: Food + Drink
Best Stea: Gaucho
Best Steak
Gaucho
146 Sixth St., Downtown.
eatgaucho.com
2nd: Hyde Park
3rd: Eddie V’s

Best Taco
Condado
Multiple locations.
condadotacos.com
2nd: Las Palmas
3rd: Duo’s Taqueria

Best Tea Shop
Dobra
1937 Murray Ave., Squirrel Hill.
dobrateapgh.com
2nd: Bantha Tea Bar
3rd: Allegheny Coffee & Tea Exchange

Best Of PGH 2024: Food + Drink
Best Thai Restaurant: Nicky's Thai
Best Thai Restaurant
Nicky’s Thai Kitchen
Multiple locations.
nickysthaikitchen.com
2nd: Noodlehead
3rd: Dancing Crab Thai

Best Vegan Options
Onion Maiden
639 E. Warrington Ave., Allentown.
onionmaiden.com
2nd: Veggies N’at
3rd: Hello Bistro

Best Vegetarian Options
Spak Bros.
5107 Penn Ave., Garfield.
spakbrothers.com

What can a grateful vegetarian say about Spak that has not already been expressed? In a town where meat has a chokehold on most restaurants and bars, this Garfield spot has given vegans and vegetarians a place to satisfy their cravings for the pizza, wings, and hoagies that have long been unavailable to them. Rather than settle for a grilled veggie sandwich or cheese-less pizza, diners are treated to plant-based pepperoni, vegan cheese without the notoriously gluey texture, and, most importantly, dairy-free ranch in which to dip their crusts and perfectly fried-and-sauced seitan wings. 

In a landscape of overpriced, fussy restaurants and lackluster fast food, Spak remains a consistently delicious, welcoming place for everyone across the dietary spectrum to gather and enjoy a slice. -Amanda Waltz

2nd: Mami’s Bakes
3rd: Nurture PGH

Best Vietnamese Restaurant
Tram’s Kitchen
4050 Penn Ave., Bloomfield.
2nd: Banh Mi & Ti
3rd: Pho Van

Best Wine List
Narcisi Winery
4578 Gibsonia Rd., Gibsonia.
narcisiwinery.com
2nd: Allegheny Wine Mixer
3rd: Mary’s Vine

Best Wings
Big Shot Bob’s
Multiple locations.
bigshotbobs.com
2nd: Sidelines
3rd: Salvatore's Pizza House
Gluten-Free Options: Mullett's
PGH City Paper
About Pittsburgh City Paper

PITTSBURGH STEELERS FRONT OFFICE
ADMINISTRATION
Arthur J. Rooney II President
Arthur J. Rooney Jr. Vice President
Diane Lowe Administrative Assistant
COACHING STAFF
Mike Tomlin Head Coach
Teryl Austin Defensive Coordinator
Arthur Smith Offensive Coordinator
Danny Smith Special Teams Coordinator
Gerald Alexander Defensive Backs Coach
Tom Arth Quarterbacks Coach
Zach Azzanni Wide Receivers Coach
Karl Dunbar Defensive Line Coach
Eddie Faulkner Running Backs Coach
Denzel Martin Outside Linebackers Coach
Scott McCurley Inside Linebackers Coach
Pat Meyer Offensive Line Coach
Alfredo Roberts Tight Ends Coach
Mike Sullivan Senior Offensive Assistant
Matt Baker Offensive Assistant
Mateo Kambui Oﬀensive Assistant
Anthony Midget Assistant Secondary Coach
Isaac Williams Assistant Offensive Line Coach
Jason Brooks Defensive Quality Control Coach
Darrel Young Director of Player Development
Phil Matusz Head Strength & Conditioning Coach
Justus Galac Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach
Tyler Judkins Assistant Strength & Conditioning Coach
Roderick Moore Sports Science Coordinator/Strength and Conditioning
Garrett Giemont Senior Conditioning Coordinator
Chrissy Bulger Administrative Assistant
FOOTBALL OPERATIONS
Omar Khan General Manager
Dan Rooney Jr. Vice President of Player Personnel
Andy Weidl Assistant General Manager
Sheldon White Director of Pro Scouting
Quentin Harris Senior Personnel Assistant
Mark Sadowski Director of Player Scouting
Max Gruder Assistant Director of Player Scouting
Dan Colbert Director of College Scouting
Kelvin Fisher Senior Scouting Assistant
Mark Bruener College Scout
Chidi Iwuoma College Scout
Chris Watts College Scout
Zach Crockett College Scout
Jarrod Highberger College Scout
Jim Ward College Scout
Jimmy Noel College Scout
Dennis MacInnis Pro Scout
Matt McCreight BLESTO Scout
Casey Weidl Scouting Coordinator
Cole Marcoux Director of Football Administration
Aidan Hennessey-Niland Team Operations Coordinator
Tosin Kazeem Football Analytics Coordinator
Donovan Moore Football Analyst
Maureen Mannion Administrative Assistant
Jake Clancy Football Analytics Intern
Keaton Hunt Scouting Intern
Anthony Rooney Scouting Intern
COMMUNICATIONS
Burt Lauten Senior Director of Communications
Michael Bertsch Assistant Director of Communications
Angela Tegnelia Communications Manager
MacKaiya Cherry Communications Coordinator
Spencer Krock Communications Intern
FOOTBALL EQUIPMENT
Adam Regan Equipment Manager
Patrick Noone Field Manager/Assistant Equipment Manager
Kyle Powers Equipment Assistant
Derek Rinehart Equipment Assistant
FOOTBALL VIDEO AND FACILITIES
Todd Lewis Video Logistics Coordinator
Kory Hartbauer Video Operations Coordinator
Andy Lizanich Video Services
Luke Norwig Video Assistant
ATHLETIC TRAINING
Gabe Amponsah Head Athletic Trainer
Sonia Ruef Associate Athletic Trainer
Jon Andino Associate Athletic Trainer/Rehabilitation Coordinator
Daveon Lee Associate Athletic Trainer
Ramon Ramirez Assistant Athletic Trainer
Brad Klueber Chiropractor
MEDICAL STAFF
Dr. James P. Bradley Physician, Orthopedic Surgery
Dr. Jeanne Doperak Physician, Primary Care Sports Medicine
Dr. Aaron Mares Physician, Primary Care Sports Medicine
Dr. Craig Mauro Physician, Orthopedic Surgery
Dr. David Okonkwo Physician, Neurosurgery
Kayla Martin Nutritionist/Dietician
BUSINESS OFFICE
David Morehouse Executive Vice President for Strategy
Doug Stuver Vice President of Finance
Jodie Spagnolli Controller
Jenny Shaeffer Director of Human Resources
Matthew Wilson Director of Diversity and Inclusion
Crystal Joyce Senior Project Manager
Klavin Boyd Accounting Manager
Caroline DeFrank Senior Accountant
Mary Beth Gilbert Senior Accountant
Kelly Serafin Payroll/Benefits Coordinator
Jody Lubawski Stadium Controller
Barbara Snyder Stadium Payroll Coordinator
Alice Cherry Accounts Payable Specialist
Colleen Kimmel Accounts Payable Specialist
Sam Ferguson Business Office Intern
Shaw Sunder Receptionist
Joyce Sansky Receptionist
Jerry Langan Stationary Engineer
Patrick MacIntyre Security Supervisor
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
Scott Phelps Vice President of Technology
Jon Pugliano Director of Technology Systems
Craig Pelat Director of Network and Security Operations
Greg DiFiore Information Security Manager
Scott Graham User Experience Developer
Andrew Searight Network Support Technician
Brandon Slusarek Systems Engineer
Milo Davis Applications Developer
Johnathan Dziubek Help Desk Technician
COMMUNITY RELATIONS
Blayre Holmes Davis Senior Director of Community Relations
Myah Olson Community Relations Coordinator
Ashley Rothermel Community Relations Intern
SALES AND MARKETING
Ryan Huzjak Vice President Sales & Marketing 
Dan Rooney Director of Business Development & Strategy
Bella Petrone Sales and Marketing Coordinator
BUSINESS ANALYTICS
Melanie Harris Director of Business Analytics
Bill Adler Manager Database Marketing Analytics
Jared Kramer Data Analyst
Brandon Wu Data Analyst
Zack Palfey Digital Analyst
Florence McComas Digital Analytics Associate
Chase Scarboro Business Analytics Associate
CORPORATE PARTNERSHIPS AND ACTIVATION
A.J. Poole Director of Corporate Partnerships & Activation
Chris Hart Corporate Partnerships Manager
Kurt Gingrich Corporate Partnerships Manager
Lesley Nadler Corporate Partnerships Manager
Tim Post Corporate Partnerships Manager
Amy Siebenkittel Senior Manager of Partnership Activation
Rachel Cohen Partnership Activation Manager
Morgan Eakin Partnership Activation Manager
Peter Obletz Partnership Activation Manager
Kate Starr Partnership Activation Manager
Marie Zeitler Partnership Activation Manager 
Jonah Wheeler Corporate Partnerships Account Executive
Amy Regan Partnership Administrator
Taylor Sullivan Corporate Partnerships Coordinator
Matt Graham Corporate Partnerships Associate
TICKET OPERATIONS
Ben Lentz Director of Ticket Operations
Michael Karczewski Ticket Operations Manager
Mark Davidson Ticket Operations Manager
Max Jacinto Ticket Operations Coordinator
TICKET SALES AND RETENTION
Kristen Lewandowski Director of Ticket Sales and Retention
Cole Horan Group and Hospitality Sales Manager
Stephanie Sior Senior Manager, Ticket Sales and Retention
Jared Mero Ticket Sales & Retention Account Executive
Alexa Sorch Senior Account Executive, Ticket Sales and Retention
Erik Stouter Ticket Sales & Retention Account Executive
Allen Farabaugh Ticket Sales and Retention Associate
Alexis Jones-Sawyer Ticket Sales and Retention Associate
MARKETING AND EVENTS
Justin Mitchell Director of Marketing
Brittany Zeman Senior Manager of Campaign Marketing
Amber Iuni Marketing Campaign Manager
Payton Comunale Marketing Campaign Coordinator
Brandon Artman Marketing Event Manager
Nicole Bauer Growth & Audience Marketing Manager
Caitlyn Cossu Marketing Event Coordinator
SJ Hyman Performance Marketing Coordinator
Jordyn Kane Relationship Marketing Coordinator
Hunter Miller Event Marketing Specialist
Christian Plonski Direct Marketing Specialist
Keaton Engle Campaign Marketing Associate
Anna Milyak Marketing Events Associate
Matt Wiley Direct Marketing Associate
ALUMNI RELATIONS & YOUTH FOOTBALL
Mike Marchinsky Senior Manager of Alumni Relations and Youth Football
Joe Lofton Football Development Manager
Kevin Ackerman Youth Football Associate
Jeremiah Brosovic Alumni Relations Associate
DIGITAL, BROADCAST AND GAMEDAY CONTENT
Reagan Berube Sr Director, Content and International Development
Kyle Kron Senior Manager, Digital & Social Content
Mike Murphy Senior Manager of Creative Services
Jeff Brown Senior Manager, Digital Media
Christopher Burns Executive Producer, Live Stadium Events
Nathan Hogan Executive Producer, Video Production
Stephen Finerty Video Production Manager
Jason Pischke Manager, Production & Motion Graphics
Karl Roser Senior Manager of Photography
Emile Khoury Creative Content Manager
Alec Balenciaga Sr. Producer, Features and Video Content
Bob Labriola Editor Steelers Digest/Contributor Steelers.com 
Teresa Varley Assistant Editor Steelers Digest/Contributor Steelers.com
Jourdan Gottlieb Social Media Manager
James Dotter Social Media Coordinator
Creg Milko Social Media Creative Content Coordinator
Maria Rodriguez Manager, International Content & Strategy
Isabella Gorisek Video Producer, Branded Content
Jalen Bell Social Media Video Associate
Alexis Davis Digital Media Associate
Darren Frasier Video Production Associate
Taylor Hajtol Digital Media/App Development Associate
Greg Johnson International Content Associate
Matt Komaroski Social Media Associate
Alec McKisic Digital & Social Content Associate
Alysa Rubin Photography Associate
STADIUM OPERATIONS
Jim Sacco Vice President of Stadium Operations & Management
Rob Thompson Director of Stadium Event Operations
 Bob Jones Director of Stadium & Facilities Security
Joe Simon Director of Facility Operations
John Fleck Assistant Director Facility Operations
Will Herring Director of Suite Sales & Retention
Travis Baker Director of Guest Experiences
Cecelia Cagni Director of Corporate Communications
Monica Agbalog Luxury Suites Manager
Greg Hoyer Senior Manager, Stadium Event Operations
Tom Goyne Sports Turf Operations Manager
Justin Hunt Audio/Visual Manager
Matt Mittelman Audio/Visual Technician
Cayce Little Pastoor Director of Club Events & Operations
Aaron Getman Logistics & Operations Manager
Mandy Golec Senior Manager, Club Events
Matt Curry Stadium Events Production Manager
Sophia Rizzo Club Events Manager
Erika Siegel Guest Services Manager
Julie Zeravica Hall of Honor Museum Manager
Steve Boekenhauer Playing Surface Staff
Austin Fetzer Playing Surface Staff
John Fox Playing Surface Staff
Cooper Gulley Playing Surface Staff
Ryan Welker Playing Surface Staff
John Wodarek Event Operations
Zach Fernandez Event Operations Coordinator
Donovan Breeding Facility Operations Intern
Heidi Edwards Project Coordinator
Matt Scott Facility Operations Coordinator
Lauren Farkas Stadium Operations Security Intern
Alex Goudsmit Club Events Intern
Tim Marra Event Operations Intern
Jack Vick Guest Services Intern
Jessi Sabatini Administrative Assistant
Constance Zelinsky Administrative Assistant
Cookie Carter Receptionist
Jason Maciupa Carpenter
Jeff Miller Carpenter
Dave Bergamasco Electrician
Ron Moye Electrician
Mike Vitanza Electrician
Denny Buchleitner HVAC Technician
Rick Taylor HVAC Technician
Carmine DiNardo Maintenance
Mark Hall Maintenance
Tom Melcher Maintenance
Hunter Sloan Maintenance
Chuck Beatty Plumber
MERCHANDISING AND DIGITAL COMMERCE
John Wolfe Vice President of Merchandising & Digital Commerce
Robb Gedrys Director of Stadium & Store Merchandise Operations
Megan Stepnoski Merchandise Manager of Apparel & Footwear
Lexie Rains Assistant Merchandise Manager – Apparel & Footwear
Brian Rogiero Merchandise Manager of Memorabilia & Hardlines
Dean Dellamalva Assistant Memorabilia Manager
Stephanie Beck Director of Digital Commerce
Quintin Lovicks Lead Web Developer
Mark Cancilla Digital Commerce Graphic Design Coordinator
Patric Quirion Digital Commerce Graphic Design Specialist
Lucy Baker Digital Commerce Product Specialist
Bryant Bauer Digital Commerce Marketing Specialist
Jim Moon Warehouse, Jersey and Headwear Merchandise Manager
Steve Klacik Warehouse Manager
George Beck Assistant Warehouse Manager
Stephen Francica Assistant Warehouse Manager
Renae McNabb Administration Assistant for Merchandise Operations
Janice O’Toole Administrative Assistant for Merchandise Operations
Luke Robson Merchandise Associate
STORE - GROVE CITY PREMIUM OUTLETS
Susan Kalafut Store Manager
Justin Manny Assistant Store Manager
STORE - STADIUM
Corey Flannagan Store Manager
Lauren Fisher Assistant Store Manager
Debbi Gabler Assistant Store Manager
Linda Rogiero Inventory Warehouse Manager
STORE - TANGER OUTLETS
Courtney Duzyk Store Manager
Lee Bongiorni Assistant Store Manager

Ballet Performance: Malandain Ballet Biarritz
performance time: Wed, May 7, 2025, 7:30pm

PITTSBURGH -- The shortest distance from PNC Park’s home plate to the Allegheny River, according to the Pirates' media guide, is 456 feet -- straight down the right-field line. That proximity to the water has created a tantalizing target for left-handed power hitters over the years, no different than the “splash hits” into San Francisco’s McCovey Cove or the blasts onto Eutaw Street in Baltimore.

For more than 20 years, hitters have taken big batting practice swings with their sights set on the river beyond the right-field wall at PNC Park. Many have tried, but only some have succeeded when it counts.

Here’s everything you need to know about the baseballs that have landed in the Allegheny River and the hitters who sent them there. Special thanks to the Pirates for their diligent record-keeping on this topic.

How many home runs have reached the river? 80, with the two most recent coming off the bat of the Pirates' Rowdy Tellez. He launched a baseball into the Allegheny on Aug. 24, 2024, against the Reds and on Sept. 7, 2024, against the Nationals.


Dates are set for 2026 NFL Draft in Pittsburgh
The City of Pittsburgh will be hosting the 2026 NFL Draft and the NFL and VisitPittsburgh announced the dates today.

The 2026 NFL Draft, presented by Bud Light, will take place on April 23-25 in Pittsburgh.

"This is a monumental step forward in bringing the 2026 NFL Draft to life right here in the City of Champions," said Jerad Bachar, President & CEO of VisitPITTSBURGH. "With just 15 months to go, we look forward to continuing our strong partnership with the NFL and officials at the state, county, city and Pittsburgh Steelers to work collaboratively across the community to produce one of the best events Pittsburgh has ever hosted and one of the most memorable NFL Drafts the world has ever watched.

"Mark your calendars, because all eyes will be on Pittsburgh soon."

The NFL made the official announcement in May at the NFL Spring League Meeting that Pittsburgh would host the draft, the first time the city has done so.

"The 2026 NFL Draft is an opportunity to celebrate football and Pittsburgh's unique place in the history of the game, while also promoting our region nationally and globally across the rare platform provided by the NFL Draft," said Steelers President Art Rooney, II.

There are still plenty of details to come, with activities expected to take place on Pittsburgh's North Shore, including Acrisure Stadium, and Point State Park. Among the activities that will take place is the NFL Draft Experience, a free fan festival that
includes exhibits, games, musical performances and more.

"As we move closer to the 2026 NFL Draft, we're working closely with VisitPITTSBURGH, the Pittsburgh Steelers and all our partners on the ground to ensure local and visiting fans will enjoy an unforgettable event," said Peter O'Reilly, NFL executive vice president of club business, league events and international. "We're excited to spotlight the city throughout our Draft festivities and show the world the passion and vibrancy of the Pittsburgh community."


The Pittsburgh Taco Festival (PTF) generally runs from 12:30 PM to 7:00 PM on Saturday, September 14th. Gold ticket holders get early entry at 11:30 AM. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Date: Saturday, September 14th, 2024.
Time: 12:30 PM - 7:00 PM.
Early Entry: 11:30 AM for Gold Ticket Holders.
Location: The Stacks at 3 Crossings, 2875 Railroad Street.
Proceeds: A portion of proceeds benefits the Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation and Casa San Jose.


May 10, 2025 10:00 AM –3:00 PM
Spring Makers Market
West Overton Village's annual Spring Makers Market returns in 2025! This family-friendly local vendors market features items made, baked, or grown by artisans, craftspeople, makers, and the like from around our community.

Shop local vendors for items such as jewelry and accessories, ceramics, woodworking, textile arts, glass and resin arts, candles, home decor, and craft beverages. West Overton Distilling will be selling bottles of rye whiskey and spring cocktails. Grab a bite to eat from one of of the food trucks and enjoy live music.

Makers Market will be held rain or shine. More details and a list of vendors available on our website:



April 5, 2025 8:00 PM –10:30 PM
Peter Pan – Theatrical Production at Benedum Center Pittsburgh
Bring back to life your child-like wonder with the timeless tale of Peter Pan and Tinker Bell in the new Broadway show retold for modern audiences to enjoy. Join the unforgettable story of Neverland with Captain Hook and the Lost Boys in the vibrant city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, instead of flying to the second star to the right and heading straight. If you are a life-long friend of Peter Pan and the Darlings or you are unfamiliar with this classic tale, don't miss this opportunity to see it on stage in your city!

Fly to Neverland this spring with Peter Pan and Wendy at Benedum Center on Saturday 5th April 2025. Be prepared for a night of magnificent flying sequences and memorable songs by a masterful crew of musicians, lyricists, and tunes that you'll hum for months following the event. If life feels a little too dull, you won't want to miss this night of whimsical adventure. Whether they're old or a grandchild, everyone at any stage of life will have fun watching this modern take of Peter Pan.

For nearly 70 years, this Broadway show has thrilled adults and kids alike. Mark it on your calendar and experience this hilarious and endearing Broadway musical apdaptation of Peter Pan this spring in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Catch this showing while you can on Saturday 5th April 2025 for just $125.

Ernie Stautner was voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a member of the Class of 1969. Stautner was also an inaugural member of the Steelers Hall of Honor as a member of the Class of 2017.

Stautner was the first player ever to have his number retired by the Pittsburgh Steelers, and it was well earned as he was the first of their Hall of Famers to play his entire career with the team. The team's second-round draft pick in 1950, Stautner's No. 70 was retired in 1964, a deserving honor for a legend.

Stautner won the NFL's Best Lineman Award in 1957 and he earned All-NFL honors nine times, despite being considered undersized. He missed just six games during his 14-year career, never letting numerous injuries slow him down.

"That man ain't human. He's too strong to be human," Jim Parker, the Hall of Fame offensive guard for the Baltimore Colts once said. "He's the toughest guy in the league to play against because he keeps coming headfirst. Swinging those forearms wears you down.

"That animal used to stick his head in my belly and drive me into the backfield so hard that when I picked myself up and looked around, there was a path chopped through the field like the farmer had run a plow over it."

Stautner, who was named to nine Pro Bowls, chose Art Rooney Sr. to be his presenter at the Hall of Fame.


Pittsburgh Restaurant Week
Winter: Jan. 15-21, 2024
Summer: Aug. 12-18, 2024

Pittsburgh Restaurant Week in January and August each year features more than 50 restaurants offering special dining deals. During the week-long, city-wide event, dine at one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants and take advantage of three-course, fixed-price meals specials.


March 2025
Ashley Cooke | Stage AE | Mar 1
Ron Pope | Mr Smalls | Mar 1
Theo Von | Petersen Events Center | Mar 2
MOE | Mr Smalls | Mar 2
Kraftwerk | Stage AE | Mar 7
Cavalera | Mr Smalls | Mar 7
Jeff Jimerson | Rivers Casino | Mar 7
Enjoy Wrestling | Mr Smalls | Mar 8
Noah Thompson | Crafthouse Stage & Grill | May 9
Sevendust | Mr Smalls | Mar 11
Daniel Donato | Mr Smalls | Mar 12
The Driver Era | UPMC Events Center | Mar 13
The Delaneys | Rivers Casino | Mar 14
Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats | Petersen Events Center | Mar 19
Spafford | Mr Smalls | Mar 20
MercyMe | Petersen Events Center | Mar 20
Neal Francis | Mr Smalls | Mar 21
Matt Rife | PPG Paints Arena | Mar 22
CRANKDAT | Stage AE | Mar 22
Poppy | Roxian Theatre | Mar 22
Gregory Alan Isakov | Stage AE | Mar 26
Tyler, The Creator | PPG Paints Arena | Mar 28
Chase Matthew | Rivers Casino | Mar 28
Zoso | Stage AE | Mar 29
Tophouse | Stage AE | Mar 29

April 5, 2025 7:00 PM –10:00 PM
Forrest Frank: Child of God Tour Part 2
GRAMMY nominee and double Dove Award-winning artist FORREST FRANK has announced his 2025 "CHILD OF GOD TOUR Part 2." Featuring Elevation Rhythm in support.

Picklesburgh 2024
The free four-day festival takes place July 18-21, 2024. Picklesburgh returns to the Boulevard of the Allies between Stanwix and Smithfield Streets, as well as adjoining PPG Plaza, for its second year in this location.

Mark your calendar for the next Picklesburgh festival and relish the energy of this Only in Pittsburgh event.


Overview
Tax evasion is a crime that hurts all Pennsylvanians, because when taxpayers don’t pay their fair shares, it decreases the revenue available to fund essential state programs and services.

Reporting tax fraud
If you suspect tax fraud, report the activity directly to the PA Department of Revenue, including as much detail as possible.

You can report it using the our official online form.(opens in a new tab) Include as much detail as possible. You can also contact us at: 

Email: revocti@pa.gov

Call: 717-783-4649

Write to us at:

PA Department of Revenue
Bureau of Criminal Tax Investigations
Strawberry Sq., 10th Floor
Harrisburg, PA 17128

You can submit tips anonymously, but documentation and supporting evidence are helpful to investigations.

March 28, 2025 to March 30, 2025 8:00 AM –10:00 PM
2025 National Dance Championships
Pittsburgh is thrilled to welcome back USA Dance for the 2025 National Championship at the Wyndham from March 28–30. Spectators are welcome as we anticipate 900 participants competing in ballroom and Latin dance competitions, showcasing top talent from across the country!

March 28, 2025 to March 30, 2025 8:00 AM –10:00 PM
2025 National Dance Championships
Pittsburgh is thrilled to welcome back USA Dance for the 2025 National Championship at the Wyndham from March 28–30. Spectators are welcome as we anticipate 900 participants competing in ballroom and Latin dance competitions, showcasing top talent from across the country!


3/20: Spaces of Treblinka - A Conversation with Author Dr. Jacob Flaws
Spaces of Treblinka - A Conversation with Author Dr. Jacob Flaws
Thursday, March 20, 5 to 7 p.m., Steinberg Auditorium (Baker A53)

Author Dr. Jacob Flaws will discuss his new book "Spaces of Treblinka," which utilizes testimonies, oral histories and recollections from Jewish, German and Polish witnesses to create a holistic representation of the Treblinka death camp during its operation.

This narrative rejects the historical misconception that Treblinka was an isolated Nazi extermination camp with few witnesses and fewer survivors. Rather than the secret, sanitized site of industrial killing Treblinka was intended to be, Jacob Flaws argues, Treblinka’s mass murder was well known to the nearby townspeople who experienced the sights, sounds, smells, people, bodies and train cars the camp ejected into the surrounding world.

Through spatial reality, Flaws portrays the conceptions, fantasies, ideological assumptions and memories of Treblinka from witnesses in the camp and surrounding towns. To do so he identifies six key spaces that once composed the historical site of Treblinka: the ideological space, the behavioral space, the space of life and death, the interactional space, the sensory space and the extended space. By examining these spaces Flaws reveals that there were more witnesses to Treblinka than previously realized, as the transnational groups near and within the camp overlapped and interacted.

"Spaces of Treblinka" provides a staggering and profound reassessment of the relationship between knowing and not knowing and asks us to confront the timely warning that we, in our modern, interconnected world, can all become witnesses.


Storytime at the Museum: events for kids and families
When: Saturdays and Sundays from 10:00 a.m.–10:45 a.m.
Where: Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Tickets: Free with museum admission
Join us for Storytime at the Museum! Hear nature and science stories read by our Natural History Interpreters and get a chance to touch museum specimens. Stop by for one page, one book, or stay for the whole 45 minutes. Meets at the bench in the entrance of Dinosaurs in Their Time. Registration is not required.

Mike Tomlin was named the 16th head coach in Pittsburgh Steelers history on January 22, 2007. Hired at the age of 34, Tomlin became only the third head coach hired by the Steelers since 1969.

In his 16 seasons as head coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers, Tomlin has accomplished many things that have never been done in the team's storied history. A franchise known for stability at the head coaching position, Tomlin ranks among the League's longest-tenured active head coaches entering the 2023 season.

Tomlin became the youngest head coach in NFL history to both coach in and win a Super Bowl when he led the Steelers to a 27-23 victory over the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII (36 years, 323 days), a record that held until it was eclipsed by Sean McVay in Super Bowl LVI (36 years, 20 days). By winning the Super Bowl in only his second season as a head coach, he also became the fastest to win a Super Bowl title in Steelers history.

During his head coaching tenue in Pittsburgh, Tomlin has led the Steelers to seven AFC North titles, most recently in 2020, and has guided the Steelers to the playoffs 10 times, including two trips to the Super Bowl (XLIII and XLV). Tomlin has won at least five home games in 15 of his first 16 years, including six in 2021. In his 16 seasons, he has never had a losing record. 

Tomlin has sent a total of 73 selections to the NFL's annual Pro Bowl, including the three players who received Pro Bowl honors for the 2022 season. Additionally, Tomlin was appointed by Commissioner Roger Goodell to the NFL's Competition Committee in March 2013.

Tomlin is just the eighth coach in NFL history to win a Super Bowl within his first two seasons as head coach. He is the only head coach in Steelers history to lead the team to two Super Bowls in his first four seasons at the helm, including an appearance against the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XLV. He is one of only two Steelers head coaches to win three division titles in his first four seasons.

Tomlin has led Pittsburgh to a 163-93-2 record in the regular season since becoming the team's head coach in 2007 - the third-best record in the NFL during that time span, behind only Andy Reid and Bill Belichick. His 163-93-2 regular-season record (.636) is the best start in franchise history. Tomlin's 163 regular-season victories are the third-most among active NFL head coaches and 16th-most in League history. Tomlin's .636 regular-season win percentage is the 11th-highest in NFL history (minimum 100 games). 

Tomlin is one of four active NFL head coaches with over 160 victories and one of five active NFL head coaches to defeat at least 31 current NFL franchises. 

Tomlin's young 2022 team improved dramatically over the course of the season, culminating in Tomlin's 16th-straight season of .500 or above with a record of 9-8. The Steelers started the season at 2-6 before their Week 9 bye, and went 7-2 the rest of the way. Pittsburgh's offense boasted the best third-down conversion rate and the third-most rushing yards in the League from Weeks 10 through 18 after starting the season ranked 24th in both categories. Defensively, Pittsburgh improved from ranking 29th in opponent yards per game to the stingiest defense in the League over the second half of the season, allowing an NFL-best 272.9 yards per game following their bye week. The Steelers defense also improved in getting off the field over the last nine weeks, allowing the third-least third-down conversions (36) and and tying for the second-most interceptions (12). The team's 20 interceptions on the season tied for the most in the League.

In 2021, Tomlin led the Steelers to a 9-7-1 record and captured a playoff berth for the 10th time in his Steelers career. For the fifth-straight season, the Steelers led the NFL in sacks (55). The Pittsburgh defense sat atop the League in red zone defense allowing touchdowns on just 50.14% of red zone trips. Offensively, Pat Freiermuth and Najee Harris set several rookie franchise records and were two of five rookies starting in Week 1 of the season.

In 2020, Tomlin became one of just two head coaches in NFL history to begin a head coaching tenure with at least 14 consecutive non-losing seasons -- joining Marty Schottenheimer (14, 1984-97). The Steelers began the season with an 11-0 win-streak, which culminated in a 12-4 regular-season record and Tomlin's ninth AFC North title. The 11-game winning streak (9/14/20-12/2/20) tied the longest regular season winning streak in franchise history. Over the past six seasons (2013-20), Tomlin has led the team to a 26-13 record in the month of December/January.

The Steelers offense dramatically improved in 2020, scoring at least 24 points in 11 regular season games after hitting the mark just five times in 2019. However, it was Pittsburgh's defense that once again showed its teeth, either topping or sharing the league lead in 20 different defensive categories including tackles for loss (103), sacks (56.0), interceptions (18), passes defensed (84), quarterback pressures (198), defensive completion percentage (56.7%) and opposing QB rating (76.7). The unit also finished second in takeaways (27) and third in scoring defense (19.5).

Finishing the regular season as the AFC's No. 3 seed, Pittsburgh produced five Pro Bowlers - offensive linemen Maurkice Pouncey and David DeCastro and defenders Minkah Fitzpatrick, Cameron Heyward and T.J. Watt - marking the fourth consecutive season in which at least five Steelers were named to the Pro Bowl. 

Pittsburgh was beset with injuries in 2019. The Steelers lost quarterback Ben Roethlisberger with a season-ending elbow injury in Week 2. Running back James Conner missed six games, wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster missed four games, and was sidelined for the majority of two others, and defensive end Stephon Tuitt missed the final 10 games of the season. Even backups -- quarterback Mason Rudolph and running back Jaylen Samuels missed multiple games. Starting center Maurkice Pouncey missed three games. Starting left guard Ramon Foster and starting tight end Vance McDonald were both sidelined two games for concussions. Undrafted rookie free-agent Devlin Hodges was forced to play in eight games (six starts), and, despite an 0-3 start, Tomlin still led Pittsburgh to a record of 8-8.

Despite injuries, Pittsburgh's defense led or tied for the League-lead in sacks (54.0), quarterback hits (117), takeaways (36), fumble recoveries (17) and rush TDs allowed (7). The Steelers also ranked among the NFL's top-five in interceptions (2nd, 20), interception rate (2nd, 3.89%), passing defense (3rd, 194.6), yards per play allowed (3rd, 4.74), passes defensed (3rd, 83), yards per rush allowed (3rd, 3.79), forced fumbles (t-3rd, 19), tackles for loss (t-3rd, 90), opposing passer rating (4th, 80.7), pass yards per attempt allowed (4th, 6.06), total defense (5th, 304.1), scoring defense (t-5th, 18.9) and offensive TDs allowed (5th, 30). 

During the 2019 season, Tomlin reached 125 career wins in the fewest games (192) in team history, tying him with Bud Grant for the fifth-fewest games by an NFL head coach to secure 125 regular season wins. He was the third head coach in NFL history with 133 or more regular season wins in their first 13 seasons as a head coach, joining Tony Dungy: 139 and Shula: 138.

Tomlin led the Steelers to a record of 9-6-1 in 2018. With a Week 5 win against Atlanta, he and quarterback Ben Roethlisberger broke a tie with Chuck Noll and Terry Bradshaw for the most wins by a head coach-quarterback tandem in franchise history. The duo's 127 regular-season wins (2007-20) are now third-most by a head coach-quarterback pairing in NFL history, trailing only the tandems of Sean Payton/Drew Brees and Bill Belichick/Tom Brady. 

Roethlisberger set single-season franchise records for touchdown passes (34), pass completions (452) and passing yards (5,129) in 2018, while leading all NFL players in pass completions and passing yardage. Wide receiver Antonio Brown led the NFL with a single-season franchise record 15 TD catches. Brown and second-year wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster also made history, becoming the sixth wide receiver duo in NFL history and first in Steelers history to record 100 receptions and 1,000 yards apiece in a single season. Smith-Schuster was voted Team MVP for his breakout year.

With Tomlin at the helm, six Steelers were named to the Pro Bowl for their 2018 performances — the third consecutive season with at least five selections. Brown, running back James Conner, defensive tackle Cameron Heyward and offensive linemen DeCastro, Maurkice Pouncey and Villanueva all received Pro Bowl accolades.

In 2017, Tomlin led the Steelers to a 13-3 record, including a 6-0 record against the AFC North, securing his sixth division title and a No. 2 seed in the AFC for the postseason. The team's 13 wins marked the most wins in a single season in the Tomlin era.

Under Tomlin's guidance, Roethlisberger became the eighth quarterback in NFL history to reach 50,000 passing yards, finishing the 2017 season with a career total of 51,065. Brown was voted team MVP for his outstanding performance and became the first Steeler to earn the honor four times (2011, '13, '15 and '17). Brown led the league with 1,533 receiving yards and set an NFL record for the most receptions (582) and receiving yards (7,848) by a player in any five-year span in League history. For the second straight season, running back Le'Veon Bell led the AFC in scrimmage yards per game (129.7) and sur- passed his own Steelers single-season record for receptions by a running back with 85. Defensively, the team led the NFL and set a Steelers single-season record with 56 sacks in 2017.

For their efforts, Roethlisberger, Brown and Bell were named to the Pro Bowl along with kicker Chris Boswell, linebacker Ryan Shazier, and offensive linemen DeCastro, Maurkice Pouncey and Villanueva. Brown, Bell and DeCastro were also named AP All-Pro, along with Heyward. Heyward and fullback Roosevelt Nix were also added to the Pro Bowl roster prior to the game.

The Steelers finished with an 11-5 record in 2016, and won each of the team's final seven regular- season games, to secure the AFC North title and No. 3 seed in the AFC for the postseason. It marked the fifth time Tomlin led the Steelers to at least 11 wins in the regular season. Pittsburgh won its first two postseason games, vs. Miami in an AFC Wild Card Game and at Kansas City in an AFC Divisional Playoff, before falling to the New England Patriots in the AFC Championship Game.

Bell was voted the Steelers' MVP for his 2016 efforts. He led the NFL in scrimmage yards per game (157.0), and he became the fastest player in NFL history to reach 3,000 rushing yards and 1,500 receiving yards in his career (38 games). In the Steelers' Week 14 victory at Buffalo in 2016, Bell set the single- game team record with 236 rushing yards and tied the single-game team mark with three rushing TDs.

Roethlisberger and Brown continued to etch their names in NFL history. Roethlisberger finished the season with the ninth-most passing TDs in NFL history (301) and the 10th-most passing yards in NFL history (46,814). Brown set numerous NFL records, including one for the most receptions in a player's first 100 career regular-season games (622) and one for the most receptions in NFL history by a player in any four-year span (481).

Tomlin also reached his 100th career win in 2016 and did so in the fewest games (157) in team history. He became the eighth head coach in NFL history to reach 100 regular-season wins in their first 10 seasons.

Despite significant injuries to multiple starters during the 2015 season, the Steelers finished with a 10-6 record (2nd in the AFC North) and advanced to the Divisional Round of the playoffs. The Steelers finished third in the NFL in total offense (1st in the AFC), while the defense posted 48 sacks under first- year defensive coordinator Keith Butler. The 48 sacks were the third most in the NFL in 2015.

In 2014, Tomlin orchestrated one of the top offensive outputs in team history. The Steelers broke numerous offensive records, including points scored (436), total yards (6,577), passing yards per game (301.6) and total first downs (379). On an individual basis in 2014, Tomlin guided Roethlisberger, Brown and Bell — who all made the Pro Bowl — to record-setting years.

Arguably one of his best coaching performances may have come in the second half of the 2013 season. Despite an 0-4 and 2-6 start to the season, the Steelers finished the regular season surging to a 6-2 second-half record, falling just short of the playoffs.

In 2012, Tomlin led the Steelers to a 27-10 victory over the New York Jets in the home opener, becoming the first coach in team history to win his first six home openers. The Steelers finished the season with the top-ranked overall defense (275.8 yards/game) and finished first in passing defense (185.2 yards/game).

In 2011, Tomlin led the Steelers to a 12-4 record, marking the second straight season the team posted 12 wins, which was only the second time in team history it had been achieved. The Steelers finished the season with the top-ranked total defense (271.8 ypg) and scoring defense (14.2 ppg). Pittsburgh posted a 7-1 record at home in 2011, for the second time in Tomlin's career (2007). He also had five players (Roethlisberger, Mike Wallace, Pouncey, Troy Polamalu and Brown) selected to the Pro Bowl following the season.

Tomlin's seven road wins during the 2010 regular season tied a Steelers record previously set in 1978 and 2004. The Steelers finished second in total defense under Tomlin's guidance in 2010, allowing only 276.8 yards per game. Pittsburgh led the NFL and set a team record in rushing defense, yielding only 62.8 yards per game (1,004 yards), the third-best total in NFL history dating back to 1970. The Steelers also established an NFL record in 2010 by not allowing an opponent to rush for more than 75 yards in any of their first eight games during the regular season.

In all, the Steelers' defense led the NFL in 2010 in rushing yards allowed (62.8 yds./game), points allowed (232), touchdowns allowed (22), quarterback sacks (48), rushing average (3.0), yards per play (4.5) and yards allowed on first down (4.08). It finished second in the league in passing average (6.31), turnover advantage (+14) and red-zone efficiency (40.0, tied).

Under Tomlin, the Steelers broke new ground on offense in 2009. Pittsburgh's offense ranked seventh in the NFL (ninth passing, 19th rushing) but became the first unit in team history to boast a 4,000-yard passer (Roethlisberger), two 1,000-yard receivers (Hines Ward, Santonio Holmes) and a 1,000-yard rusher (Rashard Mendenhall) in the same season. Pittsburgh's defense ranked fifth in the NFL (third vs. run, 16th vs. pass) while leading the AFC and finishing one shy of the NFL lead with 47 quarterback sacks.

The Steelers continued to be dominant at home under Tomlin in 2009. Pittsburgh finished with a 6-2 home record after finishing 7-1 (2007) and 6-2 (2008) at home during Tomlin's first two seasons.

Tomlin finished the 2008 season with a 12-4 record and his second consecutive AFC North Division title, becoming the only Steelers head coach to win division crowns in each of his first two seasons. He also set a record with 22 regular-season wins in his first two years at the helm and is the only Steelers head coach to win at least 10 games in each of his first two seasons. Tomlin's .688 winning percentage (22-10) after two years is the best in Steelers history.

The Steelers' defense was dominant under Tomlin's guidance in 2008, leading the NFL in total defense (237.2), pass defense (156.9), points per game (13.9), total yards per play (3.9), rushing yards per attempt (3.3), passing yards per attempt (4.7) and third-down efficiency (31.4), while finishing second in rush defense (80.3).

Tomlin led the Steelers to a 10-6 record in 2007 and became just the second coach in team history to post a winning record, win a division title and earn a playoff berth in his inaugural season. Tomlin began his head coaching career by becoming only the second Steelers head coach to win his first three games. During 2007, the Steelers became just the fifth team in NFL history to win their first four home games by at least 20 points.

Tomlin guided the Steelers to the NFL's top-ranked defense in 2007, yielding only 266.4 yards per game. The Steelers' defense ranked third in the NFL against both the run (89.9 avg.) and the pass (176.5 avg.), and finished third in the league in total yards allowed per play (4.6). Pittsburgh's defense led the NFL in passing yards per play (5.7) and first downs allowed per game (15.6), and finished second in the league in points allowed per game (16.8).

The Steelers' offense finished third in the NFL in rushing (135.5 avg.) during Tomlin's first season, sparked by Willie Parker, who led the league in rushing before injuring his leg in Week 16. Roethlisberger enjoyed a record-setting season during Tomlin's first year, establishing new team records for TD passes (32) and passer rating (104.1) while earning his first career Pro Bowl appearance.

Tomlin was the NFL's second-youngest head coach in 2007, and he became only the second Steelers coach in team history to win at least 10 games during his first year at the helm. The Steelers posted a 7-1 record at home in 2007 and were 5-1 in the AFC North (3-0 at home).

Tomlin spent the 2006 season as the Minnesota Vikings' defensive coordinator. That season, the Vikings ranked eighth in the NFL in total defense and first against the run while not allowing a 100-yard rusher the entire season.

Tomlin was the defensive backs coach with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 2001-05. In 2002, Tomlin guided one of the most productive defensive backfields in the NFL, culminating with its performance in Super Bowl XXXVII. The secondary recorded four of the team's five interceptions, returning two for touchdowns, to help Tampa Bay capture the franchise's first Super Bowl title.

Before joining Tampa Bay's staff, Tomlin served two seasons as the defensive backs coach at the University of Cincinnati (1999-00). He took over a secondary that ranked 111th in the nation in pass defense in 1998 and helped them improve to 61st overall in his first season. Under Tomlin's direction in 2000, the Bearcats ranked eighth in the nation in interceptions as well as fourth nationally in total turnovers.

Prior to joining the Cincinnati staff, Tomlin had a short stint on the coaching staff at Tennessee-Martin and then spent two seasons at Arkansas State, coaching wide receivers in 1997 before switching to defensive backs in 1998.

Tomlin spent the 1996 season as a graduate assistant at the University of Memphis, where he worked with the Tiger defensive backs and special teams units. He began his coaching career in 1995 as wide receivers coach at Virginia Military Institute.

Tomlin was a three-year starter at wide receiver at William & Mary (1990-94) and finished his career with 101 receptions for 2,054 yards and 20 TD catches. A first-team All-Yankee Conference selection in 1994, he established a school record with a 20.2 yards-per-catch average.

Tomlin is very active in the community and was recognized, along with his wife Kiya, in February 2013 by the Chuck Cooper Foundation with the Career Achievement in Leadership Diversity and Community Service Award. Tomlin also participates in the annual ManUp Pittsburgh conference which encourages local men to be better fathers and role models.


Founding Story
The Carnegie Mellon Buggy Alumni Association was founded in the summer of 2008 after it became clear that there was both a need and an interest in an organization centered around buggy for all members of the buggy world, past and present.

Mission
The founding members defined 5 goals to guide the organization’s efforts:

Preserve and make accessible the history of the sport
Provide a channel by which alumni can remain connected to and support the sport
Support and improve undergraduate participation
Improve relations and raise interest in the greater Pittsburgh community
Unite alumni across organizations
What are we?
We are an Alumni Interest Group from Carnegie Mellon University. That means we are non-profit, officially recognized by Carnegie Mellon, and generally based in Pittsburgh. We are open to anyone who is interested in buggy; you need not be a “Buggy Alumni” to get involved. We work with plenty of current CMU students and other buggy fans.


Mascot

Steely McBeam signing autographs for fans at Steelers training camp on August 2, 2007
Prior to the 2007 season, the Steelers introduced Steely McBeam as their official mascot.[127] As part of the 75th anniversary celebrations of the team, his name was selected from a pool of 70,000 suggestions submitted by fans of the team.[127] Diane Roles of Middlesex Township, submitted the winning name which was "meant to represent steel for Pittsburgh's industrial heritage, "Mc" for the Rooney family's Irish roots, and Beam for the steel beams produced in Pittsburgh, as well as for Jim Beam, her husband's favorite alcoholic beverage."[128] Steely McBeam is visible at all home games and participates in the team's charitable programs and other club-sponsored events.[127] Steely's autograph is known to be drawn with an oversized S, and the L is drawn to look like a beam of steel.

Spring Carnival Committee is the student organization that makes Carnival happen. We get really excited about making the most fun week of the year to actually happen!

Avineet Nanjappa
Co-Chair
Avineet is a senior studying Chemical Engineering and Public Policy. Her favorite carnival memory is coordinating move on from the warmth of the trailer!

Angelica Gonzalez
Co-Chair
Angelica is a senior majoring in Business Administration. She enjoys the chaotic nature of build week and looks forward to bonding with her peers over stress. This year she's excited about Spring Carnival merch!

Wenchao Hu
Assistant Chair
Wenchao is a junior studying Information Systems. She's excited for Carnival 2025 and looks forward to having a great time with the committee this year!


Buggy Sweepstakes
A Spring Carnival highlight, students race "buggies," often reaching up to 35 mph. Student groups design and build the aerodynamic cylinders — "pushmobiles," as they were called when the tradition started in 1920.


Our Mission
Pittsburgh Opera enriches Pittsburgh and the tri-state area and draws national and international attention to the region by:

Creating live opera at the highest standards of artistic excellence
Making opera accessible to a diverse audience
Developing young singers into tomorrow’s artists
Ensuring the future through responsible fiscal management
The current leader of Pittsburgh Opera is Christopher Hahn, who became Artistic Director in 2000 and General Director in 2008. During his tenure he has considerably expanded the company’s repertoire to include Baroque and many contemporary works, and he has vigorously upheld Pittsburgh Opera’s high standards of management and artistic excellence. He has expanded the Resident Artist Program to include two annual productions, both of which are offered as part of the full subscription series. He led the move to Bitz Opera Factory in the historic George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory at 2425 Liberty Avenue, in Pittsburgh’s Strip District, and developed a range of audience and community programs that take place there.

Pittsburgh Opera's current Music Director, Antony Walker, was appointed in 2005 and has brought an engaged and highly informed leadership to the company’s musical forces as well as developing a music staff of note.


CMU drama: Mary-Kate Olsen is in Love
By Mallery Avidon
Directed by Anya Hilpert
Date: APR 23, 2025



Visit The Old Allegheny County Jail and Museum
May 6, 2024 @ 11:30 am - 1:00 pm
Open on the first and third Mondays of the month except on Court holidays.

Visit at your convenience between 11:30 a.m. and 1:00 p.m.

Cost: Free

PHLF docents are on hand to tell you the story of the former Allegheny County Jail. Completed in 1886 to the designs of Boston architect H. H. Richardson, it closed on July 27, 1995. The building was then renovated between 1995 and 2001 and adapted for a new use as the Family Division of the Allegheny County Court of Common Pleas.

Working with the leadership of Allegheny County and with funding from the Drue Heinz Trust, our organization coordinated with the former jail’s Deputy Warden Ed Urban and the Allegheny County Juvenile Court to preserve one portion of the cell blocks of the historic jail to create the Old Allegheny County Jail Museum.

The Jail Museum, which is located in Downtown— at 440 Ross Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15219— opened in 2005.

To access the Museum: Enter the Family Court building through the main entrance on Ross Street. You will then be processed through a security checkpoint.  


American Girlhood: A Window into History
Celebrate the joy of girlhood during a multigenerational celebration of storytelling and history.
Presented in partnership with the University of Pittsburgh’s Dietrich School of Arts and Sciences, this special day focused on America’s favorite historical dolls will feature a book talk with three American Girl book series authors, a delightful tea party, paper doll making, and more.

Anchoring the program are authors Connie Porter (the ADDY WALKER® series), Jackie Greene (the REBECCA RUBIN ™ series), and Wendy Wan-Long Shang (CORINNE ® series) who will share their experiences writing the powerful narratives of these beloved characters. The trio will discuss how they framed important historical events and issues for younger audiences while also imparting lessons of resilience, friendship, and empowerment throughout.

Ahead of the book talk, kids and kids-at-heart are invited (with their dolls!) to an enchanting tea party that Samantha, Molly, and Felicity would be proud of! Enjoy light refreshments and imaginative play while you sip, savor, and socialize.

Throughout the day, you can also dip into your own childhood nostalgia and design a paper doll, view girlhood-inspired artifacts in the Detre Library & Archives, learn about the American Girl Doll Lending Program at local libraries, participate in a themed scavenger hunt, and browse the Riverstone Books pop-up shop.

Join us to celebrate these iconic dolls that have inspired generations of girls to face challenges with courage and recognize the strength in their stories.

Schedule

11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. | Tea Party (SOLD OUT)

Bring your dolls and join us in the Mueller Center for an enchanting tea party.

1-3 p.m. | American Girl Authors Presentation and Q&A

Dive into the storytelling magic with the authors of the American Girl ADDY, REBECCA, and CORRINE books.

11:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. | Museum Activities

Paper Doll Making – Cut and color your own characters and build a paper doll house!
Girlhood Artifacts & Archival Materials – View artifacts and archival materials from the History Center collection.
Allegheny County Library Association – Discover the American Girl Doll Lending Program and learn about historical literacy activities you can enjoy alongside your doll.
Riverstone Books Pop-Up Shop – Shop American Girl classics and other historical stories with Riverstone Books.
Daring Dolls Scavenger Hunt – Explore the museum with a scavenger hunt inspired by historical artifacts connected to girlhood in different eras.

Little Italy Days
Pittsburgh's Little Italy Days will take place Aug. 15-18, 2024 on Liberty Ave. in Bloomfield from Ella St. to Gross St.
Everyone's Italian for a weekend at this free, four-day festival in Bloomfield
Since 2002, Little Italy Days has been the go-to cultural festival in the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. This block party/neighborhood celebration/food festival is so popular the streets are shut down, stages set up and vendors line everywhere you go featuring local businesses, authentic Italian-American cuisine and much more.

The Pittsburgh Steelers' training camp typically begins in late July at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, PA, with players reporting in mid-July, and the first open practice to the public usually taking place shortly after. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
Location: Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, PA. 
Start Date: Players report to training camp in mid-July. 
First Open Practice: The first practice open to the public typically occurs shortly after players report, often around the end of the first week of camp. 
Duration: Training camp lasts for a few weeks, typically ending in mid-August. 
Open Practices: Most practices are open to the public, offering fans a chance to watch the team prepare for the season. 
"Friday Night Lights" Practice: The Steelers host an annual practice under the lights at Latrobe Memorial Stadium, which is a highlight of training camp. 
2024 Training Camp Schedule:
Players reported on July 24 
First Open Practice: July 25 at 10:30 a.m. 
First Padded Practice: July 30 at 10:30 a.m. 
"Friday Night Lights" Practice: August 2 at 7 p.m. 
Final Practice Open to the Public: August 14 at 10:30 a.m. 
Tickets: Admission to open practices is free, but fans need a mobile ticket. 
2025 Schedule: The Steelers are expected to reveal their 2025 training camp schedule in June or July. 

At the turn of the 20th century, Honus Wagner, a legendary shortstop and Pittsburgh native, led the Pittsburgh Pirates to three straight National League pennants (1901-1903), and later to the first World Series in 1903. 
Here's a more detailed look:
Honus Wagner's Impact:
Wagner, a future Baseball Hall of Famer, was a key player for the Pirates, known for his exceptional batting and fielding skills. 
The Pennant Streak:
The Pirates, led by Wagner, won the National League pennant in 1901, 1902, and 1903, establishing them as a dominant force in the league. 
The 1903 World Series:
Their 1903 pennant victory led to the first World Series, where the Pirates faced the Boston Americans (now the Red Sox). 
Other Key Players
While Wagner was the centerpiece of the offense, player-manager Fred Clarke and pitching staff featuring Jack Chesbro also played a big role in the Pirates' success. 
Barney Dreyfuss's Role:
Barney Dreyfuss, the Pirates' owner, is also credited with bringing in talent like Wagner and Clarke, which helped the team achieve dominance. 

CMU event: Monthly Chair Massage
Friday, January 31 |11:00am - 1:00pm
Location: Concierge Desk, Highmark Center
Join us for a free five-minute chair massage at the Highmark Center on the last Friday of every month.
This event is free and open to all. No registration required.



Come one, come all to the greatest show in town: Pittsburgh City Paper’s Best of Pittsburgh 2019 readers’ poll.
You’ll find all the best parts of a show-stopping carnival on the following pages: Amazing Entertainment, Wondrous Goods, Incredible Food, and Extraordinary People.
This year, a record-breaking 204,896 votes were cast by 29,507 Pittsburghers.


Carnegie Museum of Natural History presents The Stories We Keep: Conserving Objects from Ancient Egypt
March 9, 2024-March 9, 2025 
Ancient Egyptian Objects Return to View, Museum Invites Visitors to Step Behind the Scenes and Follow the Conservation of More than 80 Ancient Objects

Every object in the museum’s care has stories to tell, about its creation and original use, its journey to Pittsburgh, and about the lives of those in ancient Egypt. The Stories We Keep features more than 80 items from ancient Egypt—including the 4,000-year-old Dahshur boat, one of only four in the world. CMNH invites visitors to engage with these objects like never before, have conversations with museum conservators, observe the care and restoration of objects in real time, and attempt the work themselves by reassembling replicas of ancient objects created with the assistance of 3D scanners.

Museum conservators will hold daily demonstrations and answer visitor questions about the objects and conservation tactics. Visitors can also submit questions by using a QR code, and the conservation team will address select entries in a video series accessible on the museum’s website and social media channels.


“We know how interested visitors are in ancient Egypt,” said Sarah Crawford, Director of Exhibitions and Design. “This exhibition allows visitors to satisfy their curiosity and watch as our Conservation team carries out their vital work caring for these ancient Egyptian items. We hope our fans gain new insights into these beloved objects and an appreciation for the hard work, dedication, and talent of our colleagues who safeguard them.”

existence from Egypt’s 12th Dynasty. In 2023, CMNH recruited Egyptian conservator Dr. Mostafa Sherif, an expert on ancient wood restoration, to treat the boat. He joins senior conservator Gretchen Anderson, who oversees the museum’s conservation operations, and project conservator Annick Vuissoz, who arrived at the museum last month to manage the ongoing conservation of 650 ancient Egyptian objects in CMNH’s care.

“This is an entirely new experience for visitors,” said Dr. Lisa Haney, Assistant Curator and Egyptologist. “It connects us to ancient people in a new way, encouraging us to think differently about our own everyday objects and the stories they tell. We hope to create new connections between the past and the present and highlight the science that helps preserve those connecting threads.”

 
The Stories We Keep is free with museum admission and runs until March 9, 2025. General museum admission costs $25 for adults, $20 for adults 65 and older, $15 for children aged 3-18 or students with valid student IDs, and $12 after 3 p.m. on weekdays. Admission is free for members and children aged 2 and younger. 



The NHL shield, a prominent logo featuring a shield shape with the league name "NHL" diagonally placed within it, represents the National Hockey League and its history, identity, and the fierce drive of the sport. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
Shield Shape:
The shield shape itself is a visual symbol that evokes strength, protection, and a sense of unity. 
"NHL" Wordmark:
The diagonal placement of the "NHL" wordmark adds a dynamic and modern feel to the logo. 
Color Scheme:
The logo's color scheme, which has evolved over time, contributes to the NHL's visual identity and brand recognition. 
Historical Significance:
The shield logo has been a prominent feature of the NHL since its inception, evolving with the league's growth and changes. 
First Official Logo:
The first officially recognized logo of the NHL, used on league publications as early as 1947, was a black shield with the league name NHL in orange lettering, which is shown descending from the top left to the bottom right, placed within sash-like striping. 


Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition
In honor of the 45th anniversary of Pittsburgh’s Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) school, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is thrilled to present an exhibition that celebrates the incredible talents of CAPA alumni and faculty. Known for fostering creativity, innovation, and excellence, CAPA has shaped the artistic landscape of Pittsburgh for nearly half a century, inspiring countless young artists to pursue their passions and refine their crafts. 

This exhibition features a vibrant collection of works by CAPA alumni and faculty, celebrating the breadth and depth of artistic talent that has emerged from this renowned institution. Guest curators Miller Schulman and Shannon Pultz—all alumni—will carefully select pieces that showcase the unique creative perspectives fostered within CAPA’s rich artistic community. Alumni and faculty are invited to submit their work through the submission portal January 6 - May 1, 2025. 

The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is honored to partner with CAPA for this milestone exhibition, celebrating a legacy of artistic achievement and dedication that continues to enrich the cultural fabric of our city. Join us for this special exhibition as we look back on 45 years of creative excellence and look ahead to CAPA’s future impact on the arts in Pittsburgh.


Event Name: Melike Konur: Women I've Been
Date: Sun, Mar 9 - Sun, Jul 20, 2025
Pittsburgh Cultural Trust
Location: 820 Gallery
Join us for an opening reception on Sunday, March 9 from 1-4pm.

“Women I've Been", a solo exhibition by artist Melike Konur curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss, explores the unique intersections that have shaped Konur's identity, as she unveils her myriad roles - woman, mother, singer, dancer, and ritual maker - in this immersive showcase.

The gallery at 820 Liberty Avenue has been transformed into a sacred ceremonial realm, adorned with an ancestral shrine featuring a soundscape, luxurious fabrics and vessels brimming with water.

A poetic metaphor for the cyclical, ever-evolving nature of womanhood, this sculptural centerpiece symbolizes the fluid, interconnected nature of women's lives, each vessel pouring into the next in an endless flow.

"Women I've Been" becomes a mirror for the exploration of identity. Konur's multi-faceted personas collide and converge, challenging viewers to recognize their own processes of becoming. This exhibition asserts that true power resides in compassion, nurturing, and connection - all integral to the radical act of self-actualization.

Through this evocative presentation, the exhibition becomes a container for alchemy charged by honoring renewal and remembrance. Konur invites us to honor our ancestors while boldly birthing new representations of self. "Women I've Been" celebrates the fluidity and power of identity, reminding us that the practice of being is ongoing.

Melike Konur: Women I’ve Been is guest curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.

The word mark image related to a registered trademark is the symbol "®" (an "R" inside a circle). This symbol indicates that a trademark or service mark is registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). 

This website provides official merchandises like jerseys and hats for the Steelers?
https://shop.steelers.com/


Event Name: Trevor Wallace: The Alpha Beta Male
Time: Fri, May 9, 2025, 7:00pm
Location: Byham Theater
Trevor Wallace is a stand-up comedian, writer & actor. Wallace can be seen just about everywhere on the internet and has collectively built a digital thumbprint of over 2.5 Billion views across his social media channels with a following of over 16 Million fans collectively. Wallace has been featured on Comedy Central, MTV, Barstool Sports, E! News, The L.A. Times, The New York Times, Ad Age, Business Insider, Men’s Health, Buzzfeed, and Complex to name a few. Wallace was also voted as a finalist for “Best in Comedy” at the 2020 Shorty Awards.

Pittsburgh was Founded on November 27, 1758; 266 years ago (fort)



Pittsburgh's annual Fish Fry season, a popular Lenten tradition, kicks off every Friday during Lent, typically starting in March, with various churches and organizations hosting fish fries as fundraisers. 


The Pirates are also often referred to as the "Bucs" or the "Buccos" (derived from buccaneer, a synonym for pirate)

Book launch for THE HEIGHT OF LAND by M. C. Benner Dixon. Includes artist demos and skillshares by local artisans and craftspeople. Open mic for attendees!
When the world falls apart, what happens to the survivors—and the generations that come after them? When the people have abandoned their gods, can one young man call them back? Explore these questions and more at the book launch for THE HEIGHT OF LAND by M. C. Benner Dixon, a novel set in a post-catastrophe world. At this post-post-apocalyptic book launch party, you can get your book signed by the author, hear a reading from the novel, or bring a poem or song to share at the open mic. Engage with local artists and craftspeople demonstrating the low-tech skills of the future such as metal smithing and weaving. Purchase locally made products from presenters. This family-friendly gathering is a great opportunity to contemplate human ingenuity and the power of community at the beautiful Borland Garden in East Liberty.

For potential visitors to help them plan a trip to Fallingwater：
Fallingwater Visitor Guide
Download a copy of our visitor guide in advance of your visit. The guide includes a site map and information about available amenities.


Steely McBeam Appearance Request Form
Aug 27, 2008 at 04:14 AM
Arguably the most lovable mascot in the NFL, Steely McBeam spends most of his time hyping up Steelers Nation on game days! In his down time, he loves to attend local events.
Please use this form to schedule an appearance by Steely McBeam. With any additional questions you can call 412-697-7713.
Appearance requests must be made 30 days prior to the event. Once we have received your request, we will check the schedule and contact you to confirm availability of our mascot on that date.
Submitting this form DOES NOT guarantee a booking. A Steelers representative will email you to confirm your booking.


Event: South Side Soup Contest
Time: Saturday, February 24, 2024 12:00 PM - 03:00 PM EST
South Side - East Carson Street
510 S 27th St, Pittsburgh, PA 15203, USA
description: 
Get Your Soup On at the 2024 South Side Soup Contest presented by UPMC Health Plan and UPMC Mercy! Join this adventure of soup tasting and neighborhood exploring on and around South Side's Historic Main Street, East Carson Street. Over the past 19 years, the Soup Contest has become one of the most popular, highly anticipated events of the year!

Over 40 businesses and restaurants will participate, as neighborhood restaurants are paired with retailers and other businesses to highlight all the South Side has to offer. You can judge by tasting samples from 19 restaurants that will compete in the Soup Contest, vying to win Best Soup, Best Vegetarian Soup, and Most Unique Soup. Plus, you can vote for the Best Soup Stop!

Tickets, which will be sold in advance, provide you with a map and Soup Stop punch card. 2024 South Side Soup Contest T-shirts will also be available for purchase of $20/each at the event's registration stops, City Theatre, South Side Presbyterian Church, and 510 South 27th Street in the South Side Works.

All proceeds from this event will benefit Brashear Association's Food Pantry and South Side Chamber of Commerce's initiatives in the business community. Non-perishable items brought to registration will help fill the Brashear Food Pantry.

Soup Contest Soup Contest General Admission Tickets, which are $50 each, ticket sales begin on February 9, 2024, at 12 p.m. Tickets only can be purchased online at www.southsidesoup.com and are sold on a first-come, first-served basis and while supplies last.. Tickets are limited.


In Pittsburgh's budget documents, Section 1 typically details the city's revenue sources, including taxes and other sources, for the fiscal year. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
Section 1:
This section outlines the revenues the City of Pittsburgh anticipates from various sources, such as taxes, fees, and other income streams. 
2024 Operating Budget:
The 2024 Operating Budget, for example, states in Section 1 that the revenues of the City of Pittsburgh derived from taxes and other sources for the Fiscal Year beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024, as well as the unassigned and unrestricted general fund balance on hand at the close of business on December 31, 2022, are detailed. 

Every Friday through May 9, 2025, the Carnegie Lab at the Carnegie Museum of Art will host "Carnegie Lab – Friday" for kids and families, featuring free art-making and sensory activities inspired by the museum's exhibitions. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
What: "Carnegie Lab – Friday" offers free art-making and sensory activities inspired by the museum's exhibitions.
Where: Art Studio at the Carnegie Museum of Art.
When: Every Friday, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Audience: Open to all ages.
Cost: Free with museum admission.
Registration: No registration required.


The National Aviary, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is the only independent indoor nonprofit aviary in the United States. It is also the country's largest aviary, and the only one accorded honorary "National" status by the United States Congress

The 2025 Pittsburgh Youth for Climate Action Summit will be held on Saturday, March 29th, from 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the MuseumLab, adjacent to the Children's Museum on the North Side. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Date: Saturday, March 29, 2025
Time: 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Location: MuseumLab, adjacent to the Children's Museum on the North Side
Organized by: Communitopia
Event Description: This summit is designed to connect young people from around the region with a shared goal of climate action, offering inspiring talks, interactive workshops, and networking opportunities.


On March 22, 2025, the Pittsburgh Opera will be performing "Madama Butterfly" at the Benedum Center. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Opera: Madama Butterfly
Venue: Benedum Center
Date: March 22, 2025
Time: 8:00 PM
Other Dates: The performance runs from March 22 to March 30, 2025.
Music: Giacomo Puccini
Libretto: Luigi Illica and Giuseppe Giacosa


The Frick Art Museum's permanent collection, specifically the galleries featuring eighteenth-century French painting, furniture, and decorative arts, showcases works by Rubens, Boucher, Gainsborough, and Fragonard. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
The Frick Art Museum (Pittsburgh):
The museum's permanent collection includes a variety of art, including examples of early Renaissance Italian painting, rare French and Flemish tapestries, Renaissance and Baroque bronze statuettes, and eighteenth-century French painting, furniture, and decorative arts.
Featured Artists:
Within this collection, you'll find masterpieces by artists like Rubens, Boucher, Gainsborough, and Fragonard.
Specific Galleries:
The green gallery, with its silk velvet wall coverings and crystal chandeliers, is designed to complement the museum's collection of French painting, featuring works by Boucher, Fragonard, and Pater, alongside fine examples of French furniture from that period.

Cultural Art
Gallery Hours
Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm
Closed 1 - 1:30pm
The Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust present exhibitions of contemporary art by regional, national, and international artists. The Trust currently operates five distinct exhibition spaces in downtown Pittsburgh’s 14-block Cultural District including Wood Street Galleries, a historic exhibition space dedicated to new and emerging media.

The "Beers in the Burgh" walking tour, offered by Walk the Burgh Tours, starts at Lolev Beer (5247 Butler St, Pittsburgh, PA 15201) and ends at 11th Hour Brewing (3711 Charlotte Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15201). 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Starting Point: Lolev Beer, located at 5247 Butler St, Pittsburgh, PA 15201.
Ending Point: 11th Hour Brewing, located at 3711 Charlotte Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15201.
Tour Duration: Approximately 2.5 hours.
Walking Distance: Approximately 1.3 miles.
Tour Times: Thursdays at 4:30 PM and Saturdays at 2:00 PM.

For Pittsburgh Pirates games, you can purchase single game tickets, mini plans, season tickets, group tickets, or take advantage of special ticket events and fan value deals. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown of the ticket options:
Single Game Tickets: Purchase tickets for individual games. 
Mini Plans: Select any 6+ games and unlock exclusive discounts and more. 
Season Tickets: Commit to the entire season with a season ticket package. 
Group Tickets: Book your outing early as dates fill quickly. Groups of 10 or more may qualify for discounts for select dates and will receive a complimentary scoreboard message. 
Special Ticket Events: Look for themed events, military appreciation series, and other special offers. 
Fan Value Deals: Enjoy deals like the Miller Lite Great Taste Ticket, which includes early access to PNC Park and a loaded value for a beverage. 
PNC Bank Pirates Card Games: Save big on Pirates tickets this season with your Pittsburgh Pirates PNC Bank Visa® Debit Card. 
Digital Tickets: For easy and contactless entry into the ballpark, have your tickets ready on your mobile device in the MLB Ballpark app. 
Ballpark Pass: The Ballpark Pass is a mobile-only program. You will receive ticket-related text messages from the Pittsburgh Pirates on game days and must reply "Yes" to receive your tickets. 
Kiosks: You can also purchase tickets at a Kiosk.


Following Trevor Wallace's show, "The Alpha Beta Male," at the Byham Theater on May 9, 2025, at 7:00 PM, there will be a post-show Meet & Greet and Photo Opportunity. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Event: Trevor Wallace: The Alpha Beta Male
Venue: Byham Theater
Date: Friday, May 9, 2025
Time: 7:00 PM
Post-Show Event: Meet & Greet and Photo Opportunity
Note: To attend the Meet & Greet, you must have a valid show ticket and a pre-purchased VIP Meet & Greet Add-On ticket.


32nd Annual History Makers Award Dinner
Event Information
Date & Time
Thursday, Jun. 5, 2025
6:30 PM - 10:00 PM
Location
Heinz History Center
1212 Smallman Street
Pittsburgh PA, 15222
Category
Annual Events
Since 1992, the Heinz History Center has honored exceptional individuals whose accomplishments, while rooted here in Western Pa., transcend geographic bounds. History Makers profoundly contribute to the innovative history and collective heritage of our region and represent a commitment to excellence that has defined our community. The History Center is proud to celebrate such individuals and to share their remarkable stories.

Funding raised from the Award Dinner helps to preserve our regional history for future generations and provide a space where experiences and learning moments for all ages help make memories that last a lifetime. The History Center tells the stories of Western Pennsylvanians whose hard work, innovation, enterprise, creativity, and courage improved the world and still serves to guide and inspire us today. Like our History Makers, we are encouraged (but not surprised) by stories of Pittsburgh’s can-do spirit and kindness. After all—we are home to “Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood.”

The Pittsburgh neighborhood known for its vibrant arts scene is Lawrenceville. 
Here's why:
Home to Artists and Designers:
Lawrenceville is a hub for artists and designers, hosting many of the city's biggest arts events. 
Art Galleries and Studios:
You'll find numerous art galleries, studios, and street murals in Lawrenceville. 
"Art All Night" Event:
The neighborhood is known for its annual "Art All Night" event, a 24-hour festival celebrating local art. 
Eclectic Mix:
Lawrenceville has an eclectic mix of restaurants, bars, and shops, contributing to its vibrant atmosphere. 
Historic Architecture:
The neighborhood features historic architecture, adding to its charm. 


The Steelers Hall of Honor Induction Ceremony is held at Acrisure Stadium in Pittsburgh, PA, specifically in the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum located above the Steelers Pro Shop, accessible via Suite B entry. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Location: Acrisure Stadium, Pittsburgh, PA
Specific Venue: Steelers Hall of Honor Museum, located above the Steelers Pro Shop
Accessibility: Accessible via the Suite B entry


Date: Wednesday, April 16
Event: Carnegie Mellon Guitar Ensemble
Location: Kresge Theatre, College of Fine Arts

PulpFest 2025 will begin on Thursday, August 7th, and run through Sunday, August 10th at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Pittsburgh – Cranberry in Mars, Pennsylvania. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Dates: August 7th - 10th, 2025
Location: DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Pittsburgh – Cranberry in Mars, PA
Theme: "Masters of Blood and Thunder"
Website: pulpfest.com

Spring Carnival has been a tradition at CMU for over 100 years, with its roots tracing back to the 1920s and the "Sweepstakes" (buggy racing) event. 
Here's a more detailed look at the history and evolution of Spring Carnival at CMU:
Early Roots:
While various spring festivities began on campus as early as 1914, the Spring Carnival as we know it today took shape around 1920 with the introduction of "Sweepstakes" or buggy racing. 
Buggy Races:
The buggy races, a hallmark of Spring Carnival, involve student groups designing and building aerodynamic "pushmobiles" (as they were called in the early days) that are raced around campus. 
Evolution of Carnival:
Over the years, Spring Carnival has grown into a major campus event, offering a variety of activities, including:
Alumni reunion events 
Speakers 
Scotch 'n Soda performances 
Outdoor music concerts 
Carnival rides 
Food booths 
Midway games 
Mobot races 
Booth competitions 
Kiltie Band concert 
All-campus community lunch 
Current Significance:
Spring Carnival remains a highly anticipated weekend at CMU, with Tartans from around the world coming together to celebrate this unique tradition. 
At Carnegie Mellon's Spring Carnival, the booths, which are elaborate, multi-story structures built by student organizations, are located on Midway, specifically at the College of Fine Arts parking lot. 


Date March 13, 2025
Event at CMU: Uncommon Perfection: Illustrations by Derek Norman
5 - 7 p.m.
Hunt Institute for Botanical Documentation, Hunt Library 5th Floor
Virginia Bluebells by Derek Norman
Virginia Bluebells [Mertensia virginica (Linnaeus) Persoon ex Link, Boraginaceae], ink on paper by Derek Norman (1937–), unknown date, 45.7 × 37 cm, reproduced by permission of the artist.
In celebration of the recent acquisition of over 200 artworks by Derek Norman, this exhibition highlights work created over the last three decades and reflects his lifelong interest in the beauty of nature


UPMC's headquarters are located at 200 Lothrop St, Pittsburgh, PA 15213-2582. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
Address: 200 Lothrop St, Pittsburgh, PA 15213-2582 
Phone: 412-647-8762 or 1-800-533-8762 
UPMC is a leading American healthcare provider: closely affiliated with the University of Pittsburgh. 
UPMC Health Plan: is also headquartered in Pittsburgh and is owned by UPMC. 
UPMC and UPMC Health Plan were honored with the Business Group on Health's prestigious "Best Employers: Excellence in Health & Well-Being Award" for advancing employee well-being through comprehensive, innovative benefits and initiatives. This is the 14th year that UPMC and UPMC Health Plan have earned the Excellence in Health & Well-Being Award.

The Pittsburgh Penguins have won the Stanley Cup a total of five times, in 1991, 1992, 2009, 2016, and 2017. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
1991: Defeated the Minnesota North Stars in the Stanley Cup Final.
1992: Defeated the Chicago Blackhawks in the Stanley Cup Final.
2009: Defeated the Detroit Red Wings in the Stanley Cup Final.
2016: Defeated the San Jose Sharks in the Stanley Cup Final.
2017: Defeated the Nashville Predators in the Stanley Cup Final.


The 2025 Family House Gala will take place on Saturday, March 22nd, at The Duquesne Club in Pittsburgh, PA. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Date: Saturday, March 22, 2025
Time: 6:30 PM - 11 PM
Location: The Duquesne Club, 325 Sixth Avenue, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222
Cost: $275 per guest
Presented by: UPMC and UPMC Health Plan

Every Friday, the Andy Warhol Museum hosts "Good Fridays" with extended hours until 10 p.m. and half-price admission after 5 p.m. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Event Name: "Good Fridays"
Time: 5 p.m. to 10 p.m.
Admission: Half-price after 5 p.m.
Location: The Andy Warhol Museum
Description: The museum stays open late, with a DJ, cash bar, and half-priced admission.

Carnegie Mellon University's (CMU) largest student-run programming board is the Activities Board (AB). 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Activities Board (AB):
This organization, funded by student activities fees, is responsible for bringing a wide variety of events and entertainment to campus, including concerts, speakers, movies, comedians, and more.
Structure:
The AB is comprised of several committees, including Concerts, Events, Publicity, and Speakers.
AB Tech:
The Activities Board Technical Committee (AB Tech) handles the technical production for events, providing services like sound reinforcement, lighting design, and event management.
Student Government:
The Activities Board is a part of student government.


Tickets to see "Peter Pan" at the Benedum Center in Pittsburgh start from around $80, with prices varying based on the day and time of the performance. 
Here's a breakdown of what you can expect:
Show Dates: The musical runs from April 1st to 6th, 2025. 
Venue: Benedum Center. 
Ticket Prices:
Prices start at around $80. 
You can find tickets on websites like Vivid Seats. 
Some performances, like the Saturday matinee (April 5th at 2:00 PM), can be more expensive, starting at $160. 
Other performances, like the Sunday matinee (April 6th at 1:00 PM), can be even more expensive, starting at $205. 
Where to Buy Tickets:
Vivid Seats 
Pittsburgh Theater 
Visit Pittsburgh 


The CMU Alumni Awards, which recognize alumni for their service to the university and outstanding accomplishments, were first presented in 1950. 

Boy Band Symphony

Performances
APR 7 MON 7:30 P  

About the Concert
Get ready to experience a one-of-a-kind musical extravaganza with “A Boy Band Symphony” with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra! TCG Entertainment is thrilled to announce this electrifying new show celebrating the timeless hits of iconic boy bands. Featuring a stellar lineup including Jeff Timmons of 98 Degrees, Erik-Michael Estrada of O-Town, and Pittsburgh's own Chris Kirkpatrick of *NSYNC, this production promises an unforgettable fusion of symphonic sounds and chart-topping classics.  

Audiences will be transported on a nostalgic journey through the greatest hits of the boy band era, reimagined with the grandeur of the PSO. From infectious melodies to signature dance moves, “A Boy Band Symphony” promises to reignite the passion and excitement of beloved favorites such as “Bye Bye Bye,” “I Do (Cherish You),” “Liquid Dreams,” and more.

Add On a VIP Meet and Greet
Make it VIP! Keep the boy band mania going with a VIP post-concert meet and greet with the stars of the show. Enjoy a drink, get your picture taken, and bring home your own signed poster. This VIP package is available at $150 (in addition to your concert ticket) and limited to only 30 fans. Click here to add this VIP experience to your concert ticket purchase.

This add on is available with purchase of tickets to Boy Band Symphony. You will not be able to attend this meet and greet without purchasing concert tickets as well.

Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-392-4900.


David McCarroll
Concertmaster
Rachel Mellon Walton Concertmaster Chair

David McCarroll was appointed concertmaster of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, holding the Rachel Mellon Walton Concertmaster Chair, beginning with the 2022-2023 season.

David McCarroll has been described as “a violinist of mature musicality and deep understanding of his repertoire whose playing is distinguished by clarity of form and line” by Musik Heute. Winner of the 2012 European Young Concert Artists Auditions, he made his concerto debut with the London Mozart Players in 2002 and has since appeared as soloist with many orchestras including the Vienna Radio Symphony Orchestra, Tonkünstler-Orchester Niederösterreich (Simone Young, Grafenegg), Hong Kong Sinfonietta (Christoph Poppen), Santa Rosa Symphony, and Philharmonie Zuidnederland. He regularly performs in major concert halls such as the Konzerthaus Berlin, Vienna Konzerthaus and Musikverein, Amsterdam’s Concertgebouw and Muziekgebouw, Wigmore Hall, Library of Congress, Kennedy Center, 92nd Street Y, and Carnegie Hall, while his performances have been broadcast on many radio stations including WGBH Boston, WQXR New York, National Public Radio, Ö1, BR¬-Klassik and the BBC.

Also an active chamber musician, David McCarroll served from 2015 to 2022 as the violinist of the renowned Vienna Piano Trio with whom he toured and recorded extensively. The Trio’s recording of the complete Brahms piano trios was awarded the 2017 Echo Klassik prize and in 2020 the Trio’s Beethoven recording won the Opus Klassik award.

In addition, David McCarroll has performed in many chamber ensembles with musicians including Mitsuko Uchida, Richard Goode, Miriam Fried, Pamela Frank, Anthony Marwood, Donald Weilerstein, Kim Kashkashian, Roger Tapping, Marcy Rosen, Peter Wiley, Charles Neidich, Jörg Widmann, and Radovan Vlatkovic, while he is a regular guest at festivals such as Marlboro, the Schubertiade, Heidelberger Frühling, Grafenegg, Lucerne Festival, Menuhin Festival Gstaad, Siete Lagos (Argentina), ChamberFest Cleveland, Portland Chamber Music Festival, and with the Israeli Chamber Project. Recent performances have included Stravinsky’s violin concerto at the Konzerthaus Berlin, touring with Musicians from Marlboro, and performances of György Kurtág’s “Kafka Fragments” for violin and soprano.

In demand as a teacher, David McCarroll taught a full violin class for one year at Salzburg's Mozarteum University, and has taught both violin and chamber music at Ravinia's Steans Institute, at Rice University's Shepherd School of Music, and at the San Francisco Conservatory.

McCarroll was born in Santa Rosa, California in 1986 and began studying the violin with Helen Payne Sloat at the age of four. At age eight, he attended the Crowden School of Music in Berkeley studying with Anne Crowden. When he was 13, he received an invitation to join an international group of 60 young music students at the Yehudi Menuhin School outside London where he studied for five years with Simon Fischer. McCarroll continued his studies with Donald Weilerstein and Miriam Fried at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, receiving a Master’s degree, and with Antje Weithaas in the Konzertexamen (Artist Diploma) program at the Hanns Eisler Academy in Berlin.

In addition to music, David McCarroll maintains an active interest in social concerns, including the needs of those impacted by the AIDS pandemic. He is currently working on projects of the Starcross Community to help AIDS orphans in Africa. He has performed in programs encouraging world peace promoted by the Fellowship of Reconciliation and has given benefit concerts for Doctors Without Borders. With other members of his family, he has worked to get strings to young music students in Cuba where such items are very difficult to obtain. McCarroll plays a 1761 violin made by A&J Gagliano



Steel Curtain
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Not to be confused with Iron Curtain.
This article is about the 1970s Pittsburgh Steelers defensive line. For other uses, see Steel Curtain (disambiguation).

Signatures of Steel Curtain members on a seat from Three Rivers Stadium
The Steel Curtain was the nickname, first for the defensive line, but soon for the entire defensive unit of the 1970s Pittsburgh Steelers football team of the National Football League (NFL). The line was the backbone of the Steelers dynasty, which won four Super Bowls (IX, X, XIII, and XIV) in six years.[1]

The Steelers began their 1976 season 1–4 and lost their quarterback, Terry Bradshaw. For the nine games remaining in the season, the Steelers recorded five shutouts (three of them uninterrupted), and only allowed two touchdowns (both in a single game), and five field goals. The defense allowed an average 3.1 points per game and the team had an average margin of victory of 22 points. Eight of the Steelers' starting eleven defensive players were selected for the Pro Bowl that year, and four would be selected to the Hall of Fame.[2]

Lineup
The Steel Curtain included:

No. 75 "Mean" Joe Greene – defensive tackle 1969–1981, 4-time Super Bowl champion (IX, X, XIII, XIV), 10-time Pro Bowl selection (1969–1976, 1978, 1979), 2-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year (1972, 1974), NFL 1970s All-Decade Team, Pro Football Hall of Fame, Pittsburgh Steelers All-Time Team, NFL 100 All-Time Team
No. 68 L. C. Greenwood – defensive end 1969–1981, 4-time Super Bowl champion (IX, X, XIII, XIV), 6-time Pro Bowl (1973–1976, 1978, 1979), NFL 1970s All-Decade Team, Pittsburgh Steelers All-Time Team
No. 63 Ernie Holmes – defensive tackle 1972–1977, 2-time Super Bowl champion (IX, X)
No. 78 Dwight White – defensive end 1971–1980, 4-time Super Bowl champion (IX, X, XIII, XIV), 2-time Pro Bowl (1972, 1973), Pittsburgh Steelers All-Time Team
Greene is the only surviving member of the line, with the deaths of Holmes and White in 2008 and Greenwood in 2013.

Origin of the legacy name
See also: List of NFL nicknames
The nickname "Steel Curtain", a play on the phrase "Iron Curtain" popularized by former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, originated in a 1971 contest sponsored by Pittsburgh radio station WTAE to name the defense. The name was also a play on Pittsburgh's reputation for steel production. The contest was won by Gregory Kronz, a ninth grader at a suburban high school. According to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, "he was just one of 17 people who submitted the 'Steel Curtain' moniker to the WTAE contest, necessitating a drawing for the grand prize," which Kronz won.[3] The term has also been used to refer to their defense as a whole during that time.[4]


Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation and Casa San Jose
The Original
Pittsburgh Taco Festival®
Celebrating TACOS!
SATurday
September 14th, 2024
12:30pm - 7:00pm
11:30 Early Entry for Gold Ticket Holders.
Get Tickets Here
A portion of proceeds directly benefits the Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation and Casa San Jose.

March 22, 2025 6:00 PM –9:30 PM
Brewhaha
Hollow Oak is thrilled to announce the 9th annual Brewhaha on Saturday, March 22nd, 6–9:30 PM, at the Mayernik Center at Avonworth Community Park! This year’s Brewhaha is a must-attend event for lovers of craft beer, fine wine, and gourmet food. Don’t miss this unforgettable evening!

The 9th Annual Brewhaha is Pittsburgh’s premier event celebrating craft beer, fine wine, and gourmet food! With 10 local breweries and a selection of fine wines, there’s something for everyone to savor. Chef Chaz Smith of The Culinary Artists presents a 5-course tasting menu expertly crafted to complement the featured drinks, creating a culinary experience sure to delight.

Don’t miss this unique opportunity to indulge in the best craft beer, fine wine, and gourmet food Pittsburgh has to offer—all while supporting the trails and greenspaces that make our region so special!


JOHN MARCINIZYN
The Carnegie Mellon University Guitar Ensemble is a classical guitar performance group open to music majors and non-majors by audition. Students present historically informed and creatively expressive performances of duos, trios, quartets, and larger ensemble music from every major style period.

June 20, 2025 5:00 PM –9:00 PM
Butler Moon Markets
Moon Markets Butler City 2025 is ready to hit Main Street in Butler PA on the third Friday night of every month, May through August, from 5pm to 9pm!

�⭐️See who is participating by joining the events each month and following our Facebook page!

🎭Vendors and Artisans🎨🍷🥂

🎸🎶Live Music🎸🎶

🍕🍗Food Trucks🥗🥖

🌙Be sure to hit INTERESTED or GOING in the event for all the info!! It can be found under DISCUSSION tab🌙

Join us on Main Street in Butler PA for Moon Markets Butler City!! Shop and have fun under the stars at this amazing ✨Night Market✨ This is a curated mix of unique Artisans and vendors! You can also enjoy the shops, restaurants and bars on Main Street who will remain open to greet you! Moon Markets Butler City will be held in conjunction with Foodie Fridays, another great event on Main Street!!

On top of its annual pickle juice drinking contest, Picklesburgh is adding two new events this year to create the Olympickle Games. There will also be a pickle eating contest and a bobbing for pickles competition.


Local News
Picklesburgh creates Olympickle Games with 3 pickle-themed competitions
pittsburgh
By Madeline Bartos

Updated on: June 18, 2024 / 7:42 PM EDT / CBS Pittsburgh

PITTSBURGH (KDKA) -- The summer games are coming to Pittsburgh -- the pickle summer games, that is. Thousands of elite competitors will descend upon the city for the first-ever Olympickle Games in July. 

On top of its annual pickle juice drinking contest, Picklesburgh is adding two new events this year to create the Olympickle Games. There will also be a pickle eating contest and a bobbing for pickles competition.

For the pickle juice drinking contest, contestants will chug a quart of Pittsburgh Pickle Company's Picklexir. The pickle eating contest is pretty straightforward: who ever eats the most pickles by weight in 5 minutes wins. And for the pickle bobbing competition, participants will have 90 seconds to retrieve the most pickles by weight using only their mouths.

The preliminary heats will be held on Friday and Saturday, ending with the championships on Sunday. The winners of each event will get $500 in prize money, a trophy and the title of Duke of Drinking, Earl of Eating or Baron of Bobbing. 

Picklesburgh is scheduled for Thursday, July 18 to Sunday, July 21, with organizers adding an additional fourth date this year.

The video player is currently playing an ad. You can skip the ad in 5 sec with a mouse or keyboard
The festival has grown since it was launched in 2015. Last year, organizers said over 200,000 people attended, with as many people coming on Saturday as all three days combined in 2022. 

Picklesburgh also expanded its footprint last year, moving from the sister bridges to the Boulevard of the Allies. 

This year, Picklesburgh will feature all the favorites like the signature Heinz balloon pickle and plenty of pickle-themed food and drinks. 

Registration for the Olympickle Games opens on June 20 at noon.

More from CBS News

Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Winter 2024 • Monday, January 15 to Sunday, January 21
Dive into the city’s diverse culinary scene without breaking the bank with Pittsburgh Restaurant Week—a biannual tradition that celebrates a variety of mouthwatering hot spots in the summer and winter. Whether you’re planning a budget-friendly itinerary or seeking new gastronomical adventures, here’s everything you need to know about this delectable event series

Modi
Voted one of the top 10 comedians in New York City by The Hollywood Reporter, Modi is one of the comedy circuit’s most sought after performers. Featured on HBO, CBS, NBC, ABC,
Comedy Central, Howard Stern, and E! Entertainment, Modi has received rave reviews in The New York Times, Time Out NY and The New York Post.

Born in Tel Aviv, Israel, Modi emigrated with his family to the United States at the age of seven and was raised on Long Island. After graduating from Boston University, he worked as an investment banker until his first open-mic night made him realize that stand-up was his true calling. Equipped with a sharp wit and a knack for reading an audience, Modi went on to become a successful fixture in New York's vibrant comedy scene, often doing bits that incorporate his heritage. Now headlining across the country and around the globe, he is a hit with diverse Jewish audiences as well as fans of all backgrounds and beliefs.

Modi’s debut special, “Know Your Audience” was released in March of 2024 and it now available on YouTube! Modi has played himself on HBO's Crashing and Netflix's When Jews Were Funny. He's also appeared in several feature films and played leading roles in two: Waiting for Woody Allen, which won the LA Film Festival, and Stand Up, a feature-length film. In 2018, Mayor Bill De Blasio declared June 26th 'Mordechi Modi Rosenfeld Day' in the city of New York for his accomplishments and contributions to the artistic community.

Banana Split
hat would America be without dessert? It would be puritanical. It would be boring. It would be healthier, probably.

Thankfully for our collective culture, if not our blood sugar levels, America is a land of desserts. Drive across the country, and you’ll find pralines and cookies in every gas station, pies and cakes in every diner. More than oil, more than sports, more than meat, even, sugar is the fuel that keeps America running.

L.V. Anderson
L.V. Anderson
L.V. Anderson is a former Slate associate editor.

And so it is clear that each state ought to claim its own dessert, even as we all praise apple pie as the ultimate symbol of Americana. Surprisingly, only eight states have an official dessert (along with 15 that have recognized state cookies, state candies, and other dessert subcategories). I see this as an enormous oversight and a trenchant example of the failure of bureaucracy to meet citizens’ needs. And so I decided, on the heels of my efforts to assign a meat to every state, to assign a dessert to every one of these blessed United States.

Such a formidable task requires some ground rules:

1. No two states can have the same dessert. Once a dessert is assigned to one state, no other state can lay claim to it. This rule will no doubt chagrin many readers who believe their state deserves banana pudding, but, as we all learned in childhood, we can’t always have banana pudding when we want it.

2. Brands are not desserts. For the purposes of this map, a dessert is a treat that can be made in your kitchen, not a trademarked secret recipe. There are lots of dessert brands closely associated with states—Ben and Jerry’s in Vermont, MoonPie in Tennessee, Pepperidge Farm in Connecticut, and Hershey’s in Pennsylvania, for instance—but you won’t find any of them on this map. (I did make a single exception for a certain brand name that has become synonymous with gelatin desserts of all stripes.)

3. No state gets apple pie—or chocolate chip cookies. Assigning apple pie to a single state would be tantamount to declaring that state more American than the others. We wouldn’t want to be responsible for sparking a second civil war, and so we’ve decided to take apple pie off the table, so to speak.

Chocolate chip cookies aren’t quite as emblematic as apple pie, and unlike apple pie they have a clear place of birth: the Toll House Inn in Whitman, Massachusetts. But chocolate chip cookies have since spread across the nation like an invasive species, taking root in the hearts of all Americans. It wouldn’t be fair to let one state lay claim to such a universal favorite. (Besides, Massachusetts already has a bunch of great desserts to choose from.)

This map was difficult to compile, given that so many desserts are regional rather than local in origin, and it will no doubt draw complaints from, say, Louisianans who think they should have gotten red velvet cake. But remember: Even if your state didn’t get your favorite dessert, you’re still allowed to eat it.

(Map by Jess Fink.)

Alabama
Lane cake
Also known as Alabama Lane cake, Lane cake is one of those boozy, eggy, dried-fruit-filled confections we don’t eat enough of these days. Invented by Emma Rylander Lane in the 1890s, a Lane cake is a sponge cake layered with a raisin-bourbon filling and frosted with a marshmallow-y “boiled white frosting.” Lane cake is also to Harper Lee what the madeleine is to Marcel Proust: The baked good makes several appearances in the Alabama-set To Kill a Mockingbird.

Alaska
Baked Alaska
OK, fine, so the baked Alaska was not invented in Alaska. It wasn’t even invented by someone who had been to Alaska. Cakes topped with ice cream and encased with meringue were served for decades before Alaska became a state, under names like “omelette surprise” and “omelette à la norvégienne” (Norwegian omelette, probably an allusion to Norway’s cold climate). But it was the name popularized in the 1870s by Delmonico’s Restaurant in New York—a tribute to the newly purchased Department of Alaska—that stuck. It’s easy to see why the visually apt name caught on: The white, mounded dessert bears more than a passing resemblance to the snow-capped Mount McKinley.

Furthermore, Alaska is the only state name that describes a dessert not merely as a modifier, but as a noun. To omit this singular sweet from a list of pseudo-official state desserts would be a dereliction of my duties.

Arizona
Sopaipilla
Sopaipillas are similar to frybread—invented by Arizona’s original residents, the Navajo—which is to say that they’re deep-fried circles or squares of leavened dough. While frybread can be served with sweet or savory fillings, sopaipillas are more commonly served drizzled with honey as a dessert food. Some dessert experts see sopaipillas as more of a New Mexico thing, but it’s not fair for New Mexico to hog all of the American Southwest’s desserts.

Arkansas
Red velvet cake
Red velvet cake is having a moment, according to the New York Times, which insists that the scarlet-hued cake was invented at the Waldorf-Astoria in New York, “though some Southern cake historians believe that story is more legend than fact.” Whatever its true history, red velvet cake is firmly situated in the public imagination as a creation of the South: Who can forget the armadillo-shaped groom’s cake in Steel Magnolias? Granted, Steel Magnolias is technically set in Louisiana, but that’s not far from Arkansas (which doesn’t have any state dessert specialties to speak of). Plus, red velvet cake is colored cardinal and white—the official colors of the University of Arkansas.

California
Meyer lemon cake
Meyer lemons, a cross between lemons and oranges, grow easily in California’s temperate climate, so it’s no wonder Alice Waters’ crew at Chez Panisse seized on them when they were inventing California cuisine in the 1960s. Nowadays, elegant, not-too-sweet Meyer lemon cake is ubiquitous on West Coast restaurant menus.

Colorado
Pot candy
The legalization of recreational marijuana in Colorado at the beginning of this year opened the floodgates to a vigorous and controversial edibles industry. It was never any question that Colorado’s state dessert would be laced with THC—the question was, what kind of sweet edible should get the crown? Cookies? Brownies? Gummy bears?

Thankfully, Maureen Dowd recently settled matters in an instant-classic column describing a “caramel-chocolate flavored candy bar” that made her “convinced that I had died and no one was telling me.” If you’d like to make weed-laced caramel-chocolate bars at home in Dowd’s honor, here is one of many recipes available online.

Connecticut
Spice cookies
Connecticut is known as the Nutmeg State not because nutmeg grows there (it doesn’t), but because “its early inhabitants had the reputation of being so ingenious and shrewd that they were able to make and sell wooden nutmegs”—in other words, they were able to pass off fake nutmegs as real ones. It’s a bit of a convoluted origin story, and one that doesn’t speak well of the state’s integrity. But it does make a certain amount of sense: Connecticut’s earliest settlers were Dutch, and the Dutch are big on baking spices. Spice cookies aren’t quite as popular in Connecticut as they are in the Old World, but it’s hard to find fault with the soft, aromatic New England variety.

Delaware
Strawberry shortcake
Strawberries were declared the official state fruit of Delaware in 2010, and you can’t argue with House Bill No. 203 (“Whereas, strawberries are an important product of Delaware’s agricultural industry; and whereas children and adults love to pick their own strawberries; and whereas strawberries can be a refreshing part of everyone’s diet …”). Strawberry shortcake is indubitably the best strawberry dessert, so this one was easy.

Florida
Key lime pie
Key lime pie is the official state pie of Florida. There is an annual Key lime pie festival in Cape Canaveral. Florida media outlets specialize in lists of the best Key lime pies served in the state. And the limes in Key lime pie are named after the Florida Keys. This choice was easy as pie.

Georgia
Peach cobbler
The Georgia Peach Council might have the slickest website of any American agricultural association. Not only is the design eye-catching, with accents of aquamarine and, well, peach, but you can also win an iPad if you share your “Georgia Peach experiences.” Point being, Georgia peach growers know that peach is practically synonymous with Georgia, and they’re milking it for all its worth.

Georgia has its pick of peach desserts, so why did I assign it peach cobbler instead of the more obvious peach pie? The Georgia Peach Council offers two cobbler recipes but no pie recipes. Surprising, yes, but I’m not about to argue with professionals.

Hawaii
Shave ice
Does the phrase “shave ice” make your grammatically fastidious brain hurt? You clearly have never had real Hawaiian shave ice, which is so good it’s been known to cure pedantry. Made from large blocks of ice shaved into the finest flakes imaginable, drenched with whatever fruit-flavored syrup your heart desires, and sometimes drizzled with sweetened condensed milk, shave ice might be Hawaii’s most important contribution to American culture. Case in point: America’s first Hawaiian president almost always stops in for some when he’s back in his home state.

Idaho
Huckleberry pie
Did you think Idaho’s state dessert was going to be a potato cake? Come on, now. OK, fine, potato cake exists—but it’s hardly the regional treat huckleberry pie is.

If you’ve never eaten a huckleberry, it’s probably because agricultural scientists haven’t yet figured out how to domesticate them—they only grow in the wild. If you have eaten a huckleberry, you probably live in the vicinity of northern Idaho. Or you’re a black bear. Or both. Either way, you probably like the sweet-tart goodness of huckleberry pie.

Illinois
Brownies
Brownies made their debut at the Chicago World’s Fair in 1893, so I thought it was only fair to credit Chicago for one of the world’s favorite baked goods. After all, the original recipe, which contains a pound of chocolate and a pound of butter, is a good one.

Indiana
Sugar cream pie
According to the Indiana Foodways Alliance, “Indiana's contribution to the nation's pie mythology is sugar cream.” What is a sugar cream pie? The name is pretty literal: It’s a pie whose filling contains cream, flour, sugar, and vanilla—no eggs. It’s also sometimes called Hoosier sugar cream pie, just in case any other state wanted for some reason to take credit for it.

Iowa
Cherry pie
As a famous gourmand once said, “tastes so good, makes a grown man cry.” Every year at the annual fundraiser known as Veishea, Iowa State students sell thousands of cherry pies to raise money for the Veishea Cherry Pie Scholarship Fund. This bake sale tradition has been going on since 1920.

Kansas
Dirt cake
A chilled concoction of instant pudding, imitation whipped cream, and crushed chocolate sandwich cookies, Kansas dirt cake is the most prominent dessert named in honor of Kansas. (I promise, I looked for other ones, but this was it.) Kansas dirt cake is not to be confused with Mississippi mud pie, which is a totally different soil-themed dessert.

Kentucky
Bread pudding
The home of bourbon deserves a bourbon-flavored state dessert, and the very best bourbon-flavored dessert is bread pudding with bourbon sauce. Granted, a bunch of Southern states (notably Louisiana) lay claim to bread pudding, but given that none of those states would be able to make decent bread pudding without bourbon, I’m giving this one to Kentucky.

Louisiana
Bananas Foster
Louisiana has an unfair number of desserts it could plausibly assert ownership of. There’s king cake, which seems too Mardi Gras–specific to represent the Creole State year round. There’s bread pudding, which I gave to Kentucky on a bourbon-related technicality. There are beignets, which are usually eaten more for breakfast or a snack than for dessert.

Then there’s bananas Foster: invented in New Orleans, adequately boozy, easy to set on fire. Both festive enough for Louisiana’s pre-Lenten revelries and simple enough to make any other time of the year. Yes, bananas Foster will do quite nicely.

Maine
Blueberry pie
Maine is the country’s leading producer of lowbush or “wild” blueberries, which tend to be smaller, brighter, and more intensely flavored than the commercially viable highbush blueberries. Predictably, Mainers won’t shut up about their blueberries, and every Mainer you meet probably has a prized wild-blueberry pie recipe to sell you on. The Maine state Legislature’s designation of blueberry pie as the official state dessert in 2011 was a foregone conclusion.

Maryland
Smith Island cake
Smith Island is a tiny community of a few hundred people on the Chesapeake Bay. When they’re not catching soft-shell crabs, Smith Islanders spend their time making absurdly exacting cakes of six to 12 layers interspersed with chocolate icing. The Smith Island Baking Company, the only bakery on Smith Island, has proclaimed itself “the #1 Dessert Company in the World,” and assuming they’re judging on a scale of arduousness, I have to agree. Even though Smith Island cakes aren’t commonly made in the rest of Maryland, they became the official state dessert in 2008—a testament to Smith Island’s PR power (and to the paucity of other Maryland dessert specialties).

Massachusetts
Boston cream pie
The Parker House Hotel alleges that its chef invented the Boston cream pie—a sponge cake layered with pastry cream and topped with a chocolate fondant—in 1856. History blogger Tori Avey takes issue with that origin story, explaining that “cream pie” was a common 19th-century term for round cakes layered with pastry cream, that the chocolate topping came into play later, and that people only started calling this dessert “Boston cream pie” because there was already a well-known dessert called “Boston cream cake,” which was in fact not a cake but a cream puff. (Got all that?) Regardless, the name stuck, Bostonians embraced it, and no less a distinguished Massachusetts family than the Kennedys championed the dessert as a symbol of the commonwealth. Sometimes, the myth is more important than the reality; this is one of those times.

Michigan
Fudge
Anyone with milk, butter, sugar, and chocolate can make fudge. But the residents of Mackinac Island, Michigan have taken fudge to another level, building an entire tourist industry around it and claiming to have “perfected” it. Michiganders aren’t the only ones who think this: In the history and recipe book Oh Fudge! A Celebration of America’s Favorite Candy, author Lee Edwards Benning calls Mackinac Island both “the fudge capital of the United States” and “the fudge capital of the world.” And when “the fudge king of Mackinac Island” died in 1996, he got an obituary in the New York Times, the ultimate endorsement of the importance of one’s life’s work. This year’s Mackinac Island Fudge Festival will take place Aug. 22 and 23.

Minnesota
Seven-layer bars
Page 4 of You Know You’re in Minnesota When … states “a potluck isn’t a potluck without bars.” The best bars for a potluck or any other occasion are seven-layer bars, so called because they contain butter, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, walnuts, shredded coconut, and sweetened condensed milk, in that order.

Mississippi
Mississippi mud pie
Mississippi mud pie is a relatively dignified affair compared to its thematic cousin, Kansas dirt cake. And it’s a relatively straightforward affair compared to Boston cream pie, in that it’s actually a pie, not a cake, and it contains one or more elements that resemble mud. Depending on the baker, Mississippi mud pie might contain a chocolate crumb crust or a traditional pie crust, which might be filled with chocolate pudding or chocolate cake or brownie batter, which might be topped with whipped cream or ice cream. Two things are certain: It will contain chocolate, and it will be just about the richest thing you ever tasted.

Missouri
Gooey butter cake
Gooey butter cake is a St. Louis curiosity that seems to defy description (despite the seemingly specific nature of its name). It falls somewhere between a sheet cake and a bar: It starts with a layer of thick, extra-buttery yellow cake (doctored from a cake mix box, usually), but the gooey part comes from a filling made of cream cheese, powdered sugar, and eggs. Like most great regional specialties, it comes with a host of contradictory origin stories, all of which place its birth somewhere in the 1930s or 1940s.

This map generally takes a skeptical eye toward breakfast food, but it will make an exception for gooey butter cake: Although many sources identify it as a snack or breakfast dish, I cannot condone eating such a sweet and rich course before sunset.

Montana
S’mores
The s’more was not invented in Montana, but hear me out: Montana is one of the best hiking destinations in the country. It’s home to Glacier National Park and part of Yellowstone; its name means “mountain,” for crying out loud. And anyone who plans a hike, camping trip, or other mountain-based recreational activity without bringing graham crackers, milk chocolate, and marshmallows is a fool. QED.

Nebraska
Popcorn balls
Nebraska is the country’s leading popcorn producer, growing about one-quarter of our national supply. According to legend, popcorn balls were invented during a day of wonky Nebraska weather: First heavy rains sent syrup flowing from sorghum grass into the cornfields, then extreme heat caused the corn to pop, and finally a tornado swept the sugar-coated popcorn into clusters. Climate change makes this story seem actually kind of plausible, but the folktale gives short shrift to whoever really invented candy-coated popcorn spheres, Nebraska’s homegrown contribution to the nation’s dessert menu.

Nevada
Chocolate fondue
The Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas is home to the world’s largest chocolate fondue fountain, which is reason enough to award melted chocolate dip to this state. But the extravagance of Las Vegas isn’t the only relevant factor here: The Silver State is the most mountainous state in the country, according to the National Park Service, and its superficial resemblance to the Swiss Alps lends a nice congruency to the pairing of Nevada with this alpine treat.

New Hampshire
Whoopie pie
New Hampshire, Maine, and Pennsylvania have all claimed ownership of the whoopie pie, which raises a question: Why haven’t any of these states come up with a less cringe-y name for it? (Some people call them “gobs.” Keep working on it!)

Whoopie pies are not pies: They’re chocolate cake disks sandwiched around vanilla frosting or marshmallow fluff. And while the Pennsylvania Amish and Mainers both have strong, proprietary feelings for whoopie pies, Yankee magazine has proclaimed that the best pies are made at a bakery in the Granite State.

New Jersey
Salt water taffy
Atlantic City, New Jersey, has made a number of lasting contributions to Americana: Monopoly, the Miss America pageant, that Bruce Springsteen song, and, most importantly, those color-coded candy cylinders that, despite their name, contain no salt water.

New Mexico
Bizcochito
New Mexico became the first state to adopt a state cookie in 1989, when it made things official with this traditional anise-and-orange-scented sugar biscuit. The fact that New Mexico went out of its way to declare a state cookie before anyone else did speaks to a serious-mindedness that this map would be remiss not to respect.

New York
Cheesecake
New York state is much more than New York City—but New York City’s signature dessert has acquired such mythic proportions that it overshadows the rest of the state’s sweets. In fact, New York–style cheesecake, with its impossibly tall and dense layer of cream-cheese filling, has eclipsed all other styles of cheesecake to become America’s definitive cheesecake style.

“In a city of constant ethnic flux, cheesecake is itself a constant, offering something for everyone,” wrote a New York Times reporter in 2004, and the statement still rings true today. The Big Apple has seen its share of culinary fads, but ranking the best slices of cheesecake in the city remains an ever-popular pastime.

North Carolina
Sweet potato pie
Sweet potato pie is one of those pan-Southern desserts, a mainstay of soul food with roots in slave cooking. So why does North Carolina get it, instead of, say, Georgia, Virginia, or Mississippi? Tar Heels grow more sweet potatoes than residents of any other state, which gives them dibs on the tuber’s most illustrious dish.

North Dakota
Krumkake
I must confess that I’ve never been to North Dakota, but I’m nonetheless pretty confident about my choice of krumkake as this state’s dessert. Krumkake is not a crumbcake: It’s a thin, rolled up Norwegian cookie, somewhere between a pizzelle and a waffle cone. And it’s pronounced kroom-cacka.

Here’s why I feel it’s the right choice for North Dakota: The Roughrider State’s official tourism site includes two krumkake mentions on its list of “6 ways to experience ‘home for the holidays’ in North Dakota.” A blog post by one Kaitlin Ring of Williston called “Things North Dakotans Like” lists “krumkake as one North Dakotans’ favorite ethnic foods. (“Ethnic for us is German and Norwegian,” Ring explains.) But what sealed the deal for me was a recipe for krumkake on NorthDakotaKitchen.net, presented without comment, as though the reasons for its inclusion were obvious to any North Dakotan worth her salt.

Ohio
Buckeye candy
Buckeye candy is so called for its resemblance to the nut of the buckeye, the state tree of Ohio and nickname for its residents. Like a cross between peanut butter fudge and peanut butter cups, Buckeye candies consist of a ball of sweet peanut butter dough dipped in melted chocolate. Congratulations to Ohio for producing a confection that actually looks like the thing it’s supposed to look like, and that’s delicious to boot.

Oklahoma
Fried pie
“It was an abnormally cold winter in the year 1893.” So begins the rather dramatic origin story of Oklahoma’s oldest fried pie company. The tale continues, “The different ranchers in the Arbuckle Mountains had their ranch hands go out into the midst of the inclement weather to tend to the cattle …”

Long story short, the ranchers were miserable that winter until one resourceful woman started making them fried pies. That woman’s granddaughter, Nancy Fulton, is now known as “the Fried Pie Lady,” and she has turned her inherited knowledge of fried pies—fruit-filled turnovers, basically—into a miniature empire that’s extended its tentacles into Texas and Arkansas.

Oregon
Blackberry cobbler
Blackberries grow like weeds in the Pacific Northwest, and Oregon is the top producing state. Fresh blackberries are pretty good raw, but they’re even better cooked into a sweet, buttery batter—try this gorgeous recipe.

Pennsylvania
Banana split
Thanks in part to the sugar-loving Pennsylvania Dutch, the Keystone State lays claim to loads of desserts: apple dumplings, shoofly pie, whoopie pies, etc. But the United Sweets of America can choose only one, and it’s a classic of the dessert canon. In 1904, a young soda jerk named David “Doc” Strickler halved a banana lengthwise, nestled some scoops of ice cream in between the two halves, added some whipped cream and flavored syrups, and made history in Latrobe, Pennsylvania.

If this provenance weren’t enough, the chocolate sauce that’s a required topping on all banana splits provides a nice nod to one of Pennsylvania’s most famous brands.

Rhode Island
Frozen lemonade
Rhode Island was a tough one: It boasts two iconic sweet substances, coffee milk and frozen lemonade. After a lot of reflection, I decided coffee milk qualifies primarily as a beverage, not a dessert. (It’s literally just milk sweetened with coffee-flavored syrup.) Frozen lemonade also possesses beveragelike qualities, but at the moment it’s served, this tart, granita-like slushy is thick enough to eat with a spoon, which makes it a dessert in my book. The most famous purveyor of frozen lemonade in Rhode Island is Del’s, which has been cooling palates since 1948.

South Carolina
Coconut cake
Many bakers make coconut cakes, but only one baker has trademarked the phrase “Ultimate Coconut Cake.” The creation of pastry chef Claire Chapman, the pastry chef at the Peninsula Grill in Charleston, the Ultimate Coconut Cake® has been fêted by the likes of Martha Stewart and Bobby Stewart. New York Times tastemaker Florence Fabricant describes it thusly: “Coconut-infused butter cream is slathered between six layers of golden poundcake made with coconut milk in the batter. … In Charleston, some brides are ordering it as wedding cake.” The state that has taken coconut cake to its overelaborate zenith is the state that gets coconut cake as its official state dessert.

South Dakota
Kuchen
Like North Dakota, South Dakota has a fair amount of inhabitants of German and Scandinavian extraction. Kuchen just means cake in German, and in South Dakota it can refer to a number of different types of cake, but the type recognized as the official state dessert, according to the 2011 South Dakota Legislative Manual, is “a sweet dough crust filled with custard, which is served plain or studded with fruit, such as prunes, peaches, blueberries and apples.” To get a better sense of how kuchen is made, check out these pictures from last year’s Kuchen Festival in Delmont, South Dakota, or start making reservations for this year’s festival.

Tennessee
Banana pudding
Many states—perhaps all the states—wanted banana pudding as their state sweet. The layered concoction of sliced bananas, vanilla pudding, vanilla wafers, and whipped cream is an honest-to-God American treasure. And Tennessee is the state that has developed a festival worthy of banana pudding’s charms: The National Banana Pudding Festival and Cook-Off has been running for five years in Hickman County, Tennessee. In addition to naming “the best maker of banana pudding in the United States,” the festival crowns a Miss Banana Pudding, a ritual of retrograde sexism that is forgivable only because it’s done for the greater glory of banana pudding.

Texas
Pecan pie
The pecan tree is Texas’ official state tree, the native pecan is Texas’ official state nut, and San Saba, Texas, is the self-proclaimed “pecan capital of the world.” Does it surprise you that the Texas House of Representatives recently named pecan pie the official state pie? It should not. Texas has covered all its bases where it comes to pecans, and to give this Thanksgiving dessert to any other state would just be wrongheaded. (It would also probably qualify as “messing with Texas.”)

Utah
Jell-O
Utah is the only state whose dessert is the same as its meat. (Come to think of it, Jell-O is one of the only desserts that is made out of meat.) There’s a reason the so-called “Mormon Corridor” is also known as the “Jell-O Belt”—Jell-O is the most potent symbol of Latter-day Saint culture and cuisine. (Literally the most potent—remember, Mormons don’t consume coffee, tea, or alcohol.*)

Vermont
Maple candy
The Pieces of Vermont store, “Your Vermont maple candy and maple wedding favors specialists,” isn’t the only place you can buy maple candy—a magical confection that is made from pure, concentrated, whipped maple syrup—but it is the most aptly named.

Virginia
Chess pie
Chess pie (the name is possibly a corruption of “chest pie” or “cheese pie”) is filled with a custard containing eggs, butter, flour, sugar, and usually cornmeal. Chess pie is awarded to Virginia because the very first written recipe for such a pie, hiding under the alias “transparent pudding,” appeared in The Virginia House-wife in 1825.

Washington
Nanaimo bars
Yes, Nanaimo bars get their name from Nanaimo, British Columbia, and they are indubitably Canadian by birth. But it’s unsurprising that these sweets, which consist of a layer of graham cracker and nut crust, a layer of pudding or buttercream frosting, and a layer of chocolate, gained popularity south of the Canadian border as well. And it was Seattle-based behemoth Starbucks, which has sold Nanaimo bars seasonally, that introduced them to the rest of America.

Washington, D.C.
Cupcakes
The cupcake craze of the early 21st century did not begin in Washington, D.C., but it ended there. Our nation’s capital is home to several independent cupcake bakeries, including Georgetown Cupcake, which rose to prominence on the TLC reality show D.C. Cupcakes—the program that forever linked the District of Columbia with cupcakes in the nation’s imagination. No one tell D.C. that macarons, pie, whoopie pies, and doughnuts are the new cupcake.

West Virginia
Shoofly pie
Shoofly pie is a colorful name for molasses pie. It seems to have been invented, like so many other desserts, by the Pennsylvania Dutch, but molasses is a beloved ingredient throughout Appalachia, as evidenced by the West Virginia Molasses Festival, held annually in Arnoldsburg, West Virginia, since 1967.

Wisconsin
Kringle
What is a kringle, you ask? Why, just head over to kringle.com, which tells you everything you need to know: The home page bears several photographs of the ring-shaped, fruit-filled, streudel-like pastries and a large insignia reading “Official State Pastry of Wisconsin.” Wisconsinites know that the best kringles are found in Racine County, whose Danish immigrants have made it “America’s Kringle Capital.”

Wyoming
Cowboy cookies
The connection between cowboys and cowboy cookies is unclear, unless it’s just that cowboys, like the rest of us, enjoy oatmeal cookies packed with chocolate chips, pecans, and coconut. Regardless, as the state with the most enduring cowboy cred, Wyoming gets cowboy cookies.

1887
Pittsburgh Pirates

Article
Talk
Read
Edit
View history

Tools
Appearance hide
Text

Small

Standard

Large
Width

Standard

Wide
Color (beta)

Automatic

Light

Dark
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
This article is about the Major League Baseball team. For other uses, see Pittsburgh Pirates (disambiguation).
"Pittsburgh Allegheny" redirects here. For the minor league team, see Pittsburgh Allegheny (International Association).
Pittsburgh Pirates
 2025 Pittsburgh Pirates season
	
Logo	Cap insignia
Established in 1882
Major league affiliations
National League (1887–present)
Central Division (1994–present)
East Division (1969–1993)
American Association (1882–1886)
Current uniform

Retired numbers	
1489112021334042
Colors
Black, gold, white[1][2][3]
     
Name
Pittsburgh Pirates (1891–present)
Pittsburgh Alleghenys (1887–1890)
Allegheny (1882–1886)
Other nicknames
Bucs
Buccos
The Lumber Company
Ballpark
PNC Park (2001–present)
Three Rivers Stadium (1970–2000)
Forbes Field (1909–1970)
Exposition Park III (1891–1909)
Recreation Park (1884–1890)
Exposition Park I, II (1882–1883)
Major league titles
World Series titles (5)	
19091925196019711979
NL Pennants (9)	
190119021903190919251927196019711979
NL Central Division titles (0)	None
NL East Division titles (9)	
197019711972197419751979199019911992
Wild card berths (3)	
201320142015
Front office
Principal owner(s)	Bob Nutting[4]
President	Travis Williams
General manager	Ben Cherington
Manager	Derek Shelton
Mascot(s)	Pirate Parrot
Website	mlb.com/pirates
The Pittsburgh Pirates are an American professional baseball team based in Pittsburgh. The Pirates compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the National League (NL) Central Division. Founded as part of the American Association in 1881 under the name Pittsburgh Alleghenys, the club joined the National League in 1887 and was a member of the National League East from 1969 through 1993. The Pirates have won five World Series championships, nine National League pennants, nine National League East division titles and made three appearances in the Wild Card Game.

The Pirates were among the best teams in baseball at the start of the 20th century, playing in the inaugural World Series in 1903 and winning their first title in 1909 behind Honus Wagner. The Pirates took part in arguably the most famous World Series ending, winning the 1960 World Series against the New York Yankees on a walk-off home run by Bill Mazeroski, the only time that Game 7 of the World Series has ever ended with a home run. They won again in 1971 behind Roberto Clemente, the first Latin-American enshrined in the National Baseball Hall of Fame, and in 1979 under the leadership of Willie Stargell.

Since their last World Series in 1979, the Pirates have largely endured a period of great struggle. Since then, they have only had eleven winning seasons, six postseason appearances, three division titles, and have advanced just once in the postseason with a victory in the 2013 National League Wild Card Game. The Pirates additionally posted a losing record in 20 consecutive seasons from 1993 to 2012, a record streak in both MLB and the four major North American professional sports leagues.[5] The Pirates currently have the fifth-longest World Series championship drought, the longest pennant drought in the National League,[6] and the longest League Championship Series appearance and division championship drought in all of baseball. From 1882 to 2024, the Pirates have an overall record of 10,839–10,819–140 (.500 winning 'percentage').[7]

The Pirates are also often referred to as the "Bucs" or the "Buccos" (derived from buccaneer, a synonym for pirate). Since 2001 the team has played its home games at PNC Park, a 39,000-seat stadium along the Allegheny River in Pittsburgh's North Side. The Pirates previously played at Forbes Field from 1909 to 1970 and at Three Rivers Stadium from 1970 to 2000. Since 1948 the Pirates' colors have been black, gold and white, derived from the flag of Pittsburgh and matching the other major professional sports teams in Pittsburgh, the Steelers and the Penguins.

History
Main article: History of the Pittsburgh Pirates
Professional baseball in the Pittsburgh area began in 1876 with the organization of the Allegheny Base Ball Club, an independent (non-league) club based in a then-separate city called Allegheny City, across the Allegheny River from Pittsburgh. The team joined the minor league International Association in 1877, only to fold the following season.[8] On October 15, 1881, Denny McKnight held a meeting at Pittsburgh's St. Clair Hotel to organize a new Allegheny club,[9] which began play in 1882 as a founding member of the American Association. Chartered as the Allegheny Base Ball Club of Pittsburgh,[10] the team was listed as "Allegheny" in the standings, and was sometimes called the "Alleghenys" (rarely the "Alleghenies") in that era's custom of referring to a team by its pluralized city or club name. After five mediocre seasons, Pittsburgh became the first A.A. team to switch to the older National League in 1887.[11]

Before the 1890 season, almost all of the Alleghenys' best players bolted to the Players' League's Pittsburgh Burghers. The Players' League collapsed after the season, and the players were allowed to go back to their old clubs. However, the Alleghenys also scooped up highly regarded second baseman Lou Bierbauer, who had previously played with the A.A.'s Philadelphia Athletics. Although the Athletics had failed to include Bierbauer on their reserve list, they loudly protested the Alleghenys' move. In an official complaint, an AA official claimed the Alleghenys' signing of Bierbauer was "piratical".[12] This incident quickly accelerated into a schism between the leagues that contributed to the demise of the A.A. Although the Alleghenys were never found guilty of wrongdoing, their allegedly "piratical" act gained them the occasional nickname "Pirates" starting in 1891. Within a few years, the nickname caught on with Pittsburgh newspapers.[13] The nickname was first acknowledged on the team's uniforms in 1912.


The 1909 Pirates in a poster celebrating their National League pennant. Frank Chance of Chicago and John McGraw of New York, two teams the Pirates beat for the pennant, are being made to walk the plank.
After almost two decades of mediocre baseball, the Pirates' fortunes began to change at the turn of the 20th century. The Pirates acquired several star players from the Louisville Colonels, who were slated for elimination when the N.L. contracted from 12 to 8 teams. (The franchises did not formally consolidate; the player acquisitions were separate transactions.)[14] Among those players was Honus Wagner, who would become one of the first players inducted to the Baseball Hall of Fame. The Pirates were among the best teams in baseball in the early 1900s, winning three consecutive National League pennants from 1901 to 1903 and participating in the first modern World Series ever played, which they lost to Boston. The Pirates returned to the World Series in 1909, defeating the Detroit Tigers for their first-ever world title. That year, the Pirates moved from Exposition Park to one of the first steel and concrete ballparks, Forbes Field.

As Wagner aged, the Pirates began to slip down the National League standings in the 1910s, culminating in a disastrous 51–103 record in 1917; however, veteran outfielder Max Carey and young players Pie Traynor and Kiki Cuyler, along with a remarkably deep pitching staff, brought the Pirates back to relevance in the 1920s. The Pirates won their second title in 1925, becoming the first team to come back from a 3–1 deficit in the World Series.[15] The Pirates returned to the World Series in 1927 but were swept by the Murderer's Row Yankees. The Pirates remained a competitive team through the 1930s but failed to win the pennant, coming closest in 1938 when they were passed by the Chicago Cubs in the final week of the season.

Despite the prowess of Ralph Kiner as a slugger, the Pirates were mostly miserable in the 1940s and 1950s. Branch Rickey was brought in to rebuild the team, which returned to the World Series in 1960. They were outscored over the course of the series by the Yankees, yet the Pirates won on a walk-off home run by Bill Mazeroski in the bottom of the 9th inning in Game 7. As of 2024, it is the only Game 7 walk-off home run in World Series history.

Led by right fielder Roberto Clemente, the Pirates remained a strong team throughout the 1960s but did not return to the World Series until 1971. Playing in the new Three Rivers Stadium, the Pirates defeated the favored Baltimore Orioles behind Clemente's hitting and the pitching of Steve Blass. In the same year on September 1, the Pirates became the first team to field an all-Black and Latino lineup.[16] Despite Clemente's death after the 1972 season, the Pirates were one of the dominant teams of the decade, winning the newly created National League East in 1970, 1971, 1972, 1974, 1975, and 1979. Powered by sluggers such as Willie Stargell, Dave Parker, and Al Oliver, the team was nicknamed "The Lumber Company." Behind Stargell's leadership and the disco song "We Are Family" (which the team adopted as its theme song), the Pirates came back from a 3–1 deficit to once again defeat the Orioles in the 1979 World Series for the franchise's fifth championship. During the 1979 championship season, a Pittsburgh player was designated as Most Valuable Player in every available category: All-Star Game MVP (Dave Parker), NLCS MVP (Willie Stargell), World Series MVP (Willie Stargell), and National League MVP (Willie Stargell, shared with Keith Hernandez of St. Louis).


Pittsburgh clinching the division title in 1990.
The Pirates sank back into mediocrity in the 1980s and returned to post-season play in the early 1990s behind young players like Barry Bonds, Bobby Bonilla, and Doug Drabek. The Pirates won three straight division titles from 1990 to 1992 but lost in the National League Championship Series each time, notably coming within one out of advancing to the World Series in 1992. Several of the team's best players, including Bonds and Drabek, left as free agents after that season.


Andrew McCutchen, 2012
With salaries rising across baseball, the small-market Pirates struggled to keep pace with the sport and they posted a losing record for 20 consecutive seasons, a record among North American professional sports teams. Even the opening of a new stadium in 2001, PNC Park, did little to change the team's fortunes. The Pirates finally returned to the postseason in 2013 behind National League MVP Andrew McCutchen, defeating the Cincinnati Reds in the Wild Card Game. They were eliminated in five games in the next round by the St. Louis Cardinals. That season, the Pirates also became the seventh MLB team to reach 10,000 all-time wins.[17] On Opening Day 2015 the Pirates' loss was the team's 10,000th[18] making the Pirates the fourth MLB team to achieve this distinction, following the Philadelphia Phillies, Atlanta Braves, and the Chicago Cubs.[19] The Pirates returned to the postseason in 2014 and 2015 and lost the Wild Card game both times and have not qualified for the playoffs since then.

Ballpark
Since 2001, the Pirates have played their home games at PNC Park, located on the banks of the Allegheny River in Pittsburgh's North Side neighborhood. The park was built as a replacement for the aging Three Rivers Stadium, a dual-purpose stadium that had been designed for functionality rather than aesthetics.[20] Funded mainly through taxpayer money, the ballpark cost $216 million to construct and is named for Pittsburgh-based PNC Financial Services.[21] PNC Park's listed capacity is 38,747 for baseball, although standing-room only space can accommodate more than 40,000 fans; the biggest crowd in stadium history was the 2015 National League Wild Card Game, when 40,889 fans saw the Cubs defeat the Pirates 4–0.


PNC Park prior to a game in 2014
Widely considered to be among the best baseball stadiums in the country, several outlets have praised PNC Park for its location, limestone and steel façade, and views of both the action on the field and the Pittsburgh skyline.[22][23][24][25] PNC Park was the first two-deck ballpark to be built in the United States since Milwaukee County Stadium opened in 1953;[26] as a result, fans in the upper deck are closer to the action than at most ballparks, with the highest seat in the stadium 88 feet (27 m) above the playing surface. Fans in the lower deck are also closer to the field: the batter is closer to the seats behind home plate than to the pitcher,[27] and seating along the baselines is 45 feet from the bases at their closest point. A four-level steel rotunda down the left field line offers extensive standing room only space, and action on the field can be seen from the first-level concourse. PNC Park has a reputation as a pitcher's park, with a deep left field that juts out to more than 410 feet from home plate. Right field is closer, but the wall is 21 feet high, nicknamed the Clemente Wall after former right-fielder Roberto Clemente, who wore number 21. Statutes of Clemente, Willie Stargell, Bill Mazeroski and Honus Wagner are located at several entrances to the stadium. In addition to hosting Pirate games, PNC Park hosted the 2006 MLB All-Star Game and has been the site of several concerts.

PNC Park is located near several major highways and parking is available in the blocks around the ballpark. Fans can also walk to the stadium from downtown Pittsburgh via the Clemente Bridge, or take Pittsburgh Light Rail to the system's North Side station, located just outside the stadium's home plate entrance.

Former ballparks
The Pirates' first home was Exposition Park, located a couple blocks west of the current location of PNC Park. The Pirates split their early years between that ballpark and Recreation Park, which was located further inland from the flood-prone Allegheny River. The Pirates moved back to Exposition Park for good in 1891, and remained there until the 1909 season.[28] The park hosted the first modern World Series ever played in 1903 but by the end of the decade the wooden structure was too small for the Pirates' growing fanbase. Exposition Park hosted several minor league teams before being razed prior to 1920.[29] The site is currently occupied by a parking lot and several restaurants, although a historical marker near the intersection of West Gen. Robinson Street and Tony Dorsett Drive notes it was the location of the first World Series.


Forbes Field, the Pirates' home ballpark from 1909 to 1970
In the middle of the 1909 season, the Pirates moved into Forbes Field in Oakland, which would serve as the club's home for the next 61 years. Built at a cost of $1 million, the park was the first three-tiered steel-and-concrete ballpark in the nation.[30] Forbes Field was expanded several times over the decades, with capacity almost doubled from its initial 23,000 in 1909 to 41,000 in 1925 (although it was reduced to 35,000 in its later years). Pirates owner Barney Dreyfuss "hated cheap home runs and vowed he'd have none in his park", which led him to design a large playing field for Forbes Field.[31] When a large grandstand was constructed down the right field line in the early 1920s, reducing the distance to 300 feet from home plate, Dreyfuss had a 28-foot screen erected.[32][33][34] Despite this, Forbes Field is remembered for several famous home runs: the final three homers of Babe Ruth's career on May 25, 1935[35] and Bill Mazeroski's championship-winning blast in Game 7 of the 1960 World Series. The park also hosted football games for the Pittsburgh Steelers and University of Pittsburgh "Pitt" Panthers. Located in a sparsely populated area of the city when it opened in 1909, by the 1960s Forbes Field was surrounded by the University of Pittsburgh campus. The Pirates left the ballpark midway through the 1970 season and the stadium was demolished the following year. Sections of the outfield wall remain standing along Roberto Clemente Drive, and the home plate used in the stadium's final game remains preserved in the University of Pittsburgh's Posvar Hall.[36][37]

The Pirates moved into the multipurpose Three Rivers Stadium in 1970, which they shared with the Steelers. Like other multi-purpose stadiums popular at the time, Three Rivers featured extensive box seats, a turf playing field, and moveable seating sections to accommodate both football and baseball. Three Rivers ended up being much better suited for the former than the latter, and the Pirates struggled to draw fans despite their on-field success in the 1970s. By the 1990s, the Pirates were threatening to leave Pittsburgh unless a new, baseball-only stadium was constructed. The Pirates played their final game at Three Rivers on October 1, 2000, and the stadium was demolished the following winter. The site is currently occupied by parking lots and Stage AE, although one of the stadium's entrance markers remains standing near Acrisure Stadium. In 2012, members of the Society for American Baseball Research marked and painted the home plate and first base of the former stadium on the 40th Anniversary of Roberto Clemente's 3,000th hit.[38]


LECOM Park, which hosts the Pirates' Spring Training games
Spring Training
Since 1969, the Pirates have held Spring Training at LECOM Park in Bradenton, Florida, which is also used for the Pirates' minor league team, the Bradenton Marauders. Constructed in 1923, LECOM Park is the oldest stadium still in use for Spring Training and the second-oldest minor league park, behind only Jackie Robinson Ballpark in Daytona Beach, which dates to 1914.[39] It is also the third oldest stadium currently used by a major league team after Fenway Park, built in 1912, and Wrigley Field, built in 1914.[40] Built in a Florida Spanish Mission style, LECOM Park underwent two major renovations in 1993 and 2008, the latter of which added lights.[41] The park was formerly named "McKechnie Field," for Bradenton resident and Baseball Hall of Fame great Bill McKechnie, who led the Pirates in 1925; since 2017 it has been named for the Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine, which has its main campus in Erie, Pennsylvania, and also a campus in Bradenton.[42] Pirate City, the site of the Pirates' Spring Training complex, is located a few miles east of LECOM Park.

Logos and uniforms
1888: "Alleghenys" Logo
1888: "Alleghenys" Logo
 
1900–1906
1900–1906
 
1907
1907
 
1908–1909
1908–1909
 
1915–1919
1915–1919
 
1921, 1932
1921, 1932
 
1922
1922
 
1923–1931
1923–1931
 
1933–1935
1933–1935
 
1948–present
1948–present

Uniform design in the 1940s
The Pirates have had many uniforms and logo changes over the years, with the only consistency being the "P" on the team's cap. Like other teams in Major League Baseball, the Pirates predominantly favored a patriotic red, white and blue color scheme through the first half of the 20th Century.[43] During this time, the Pirates predominantly wore a blue cap, with either a red or white P. The uniforms were plain, often including a simple "P" if anything at all. The team's name was first acknowledged in 1912, with a pinstripe jersey that had "Pirates" running vertically down the placket.[43] The team's name would not appear on the club's uniforms again until they were added to the road uniforms in 1933, this time written horizontally in a more ornate style. An image of a pirate's head appeared on the home and road jerseys for the 1940 and 1941 seasons (this image would be reused for the team's logo in the 1980s and 1990s), and "Pittsburgh" first appeared on the road uniforms in 1942.[43]

In 1948, the team broke away from the patriotic "Red, White, & Blue" color scheme when they adopted the current black & gold color scheme, to match that of the colors of the Flag of Pittsburgh and, to a lesser extent at the time, the colors of the then-relatively unknown Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. The Pirates had made a similar change to black and gold in 1924,[44][45][46] but the change did not last beyond that season.[47][48] Along with the San Francisco Giants, the Pirates are one of two pre-expansion National League teams that completely changed their colors, although red returned as an "accent color" in 1997 and remained until 2009.

In the late 1950s, the team adopted sleeveless jerseys. While not an innovation by the team (the honor goes to the Cincinnati Reds), the Pirates helped popularize the look. Coinciding with the move into Three Rivers Stadium in 1970, the team switched to a darker shade of gold and changed their caps from black to gold with a black brim; they also introduced pullover nylon/cotton jerseys and beltless pants as part of their new uniform set (later to become polyester doubleknit).[43] The Pirates became the first team in baseball to sport such a look, but it quickly became popular throughout the league, and the pullover style would become the prominent look of 1970s and 1980s baseball. The Pirates ditched the pullover style in favor of the traditional button-down style in 1991, one of the last teams to switch.


Willie Stargell wearing the black top and gold pants combo, posing with Pittsburgh native Fred Rogers
In 1976, the National League celebrated its 100th anniversary. To coincide with it, certain NL teams wore old-style pillbox hats complete with horizontal pinstripes. After the season, the Pirates were the only team to adopt the hats permanently, alternating between a black hat and a gold hat for several seasons.[43] The Pirates switched back to a brighter shade of gold for the 1977 season, and became one of the first teams to wear third jerseys, following the Oakland Athletics. Starting in 1977, the Pirates had uniform styles which included two different caps and three different uniforms: an all-black set, an all-gold set, and a white set with black-and-gold pinstripes. The pants, tops and caps could all be worn interchangeably for different looks; the Pirates wore four different uniform combinations in the 1979 World Series. The pinstripes came off the white uniforms in 1980, but the Pirates continued to utilize the three uniform set until the 1985 season, when the team returned to the straightforward home whites/road grays combination. The solid black cap with a gold "P" returned in 1987 and has been the team's primary cap ever since.[43]

After Kevin McClatchy purchased the team in 1996, the Pirates added a third jersey and utilized red as an accent color, including red brims on the team's caps. A sleeveless white jersey with pinstripes was worn as an alternate home jersey from 2005 to 2010, and a red alternate jersey was added for the 2007 and 2008 seasons. In 2009, the Pirates began wearing an alternate black jersey with a gold "P" at both home and on the road.[43] From 2013 to 2019, the Pirates wore throwback uniforms for Sunday home games: the early 70s pullover uniforms from 2013 to 2015, and the gold top/black pants from the late 70s from 2016 to 2019.[49]

Since the 2015 season, the Pirates have worn an alternate camo jersey for select home games.[50] The camouflage alternates were updated for the 2018 season, now white with camo green wordmarks, numbers, piping, and patches.[51]

Ahead of the 2020 season, the Pirates revived the script "Pittsburgh" wordmarks on their gray road and new black alternate road jerseys, which were unveiled on January 24, 2020. Script wordmarks had previously been seen on the road jerseys from 1990 until 2000. The alternate road jersey also features a Pirate wearing a re-colored bandana, yellow to match the theme of the jersey, and is worn with a black cap featuring the "P" logo outlined in black and yellow.[52] In addition to these road uniforms, the Pirates continue to wear their white uniforms, the black alternate with the gold "P", and the camo alternate for games played at PNC Park.

In 2023, the Pirates retired the camo home alternate to comply with the new "4+1" rule, restricting teams to a home, away, two alternate uniforms and a City Connect uniform. The Pirates continued to wear the camo cap on occasion with the home white uniform. They also unveiled their City Connect uniform, featuring a gold top and black pants with a gold "P" cap with black brim. The jersey itself features the abbreviation of Pittsburgh "PGH". A closer look of the jersey feature the Three Elements. The inverted "Y", representing the three rivers that meet in Pittsburgh (Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio). The astroid, or the diamond shape star represents the famous "Steelmark" logo and the Check or the Checkbox, represents the Seal of Pittsburgh.[53]

Rivalries
Philadelphia Phillies
Main article: Phillies–Pirates rivalry
The rivalry between the Philadelphia Phillies and the Pirates was considered by some to be one of the best rivalries in the National League until 1994.[54][55][56] It began when the Pittsburgh Pirates entered the NL in 1887, four years after the Phillies.[57]

The Phillies and the Pirates remained together after the National League split into two divisions in 1969. During the period of two-division play (1969–1993), the two National League East division rivals won the two highest numbers of division championships, reigning almost exclusively as NL East champions in the 1970s and again in the early 1990s.[56][58][59] The Pirates nine, the Phillies six; together, the two teams' 15 championships accounted for more than half of the 25 NL East championships during that span.[58]

After the Pirates moved to the National League Central in 1994, the teams face each other only in two series each year and the rivalry has diminished.[55][56] However, many fans, especially older ones, retain their dislike for the other team, with regional differences between Eastern and Western Pennsylvania still fueling the rivalry.[60]

Cincinnati Reds
Main article: Pirates-Reds rivalry
The Pirates' biggest divisional rival is the Cincinnati Reds, given the two teams' proximity, the carryover of the cities' football rivalry, and the fact that the Reds and Pirates have met six times in the postseason,[61] most recently in the 2013 National League Wild Card Game. In the 2010s, the two teams frequently hit each other with pitches, occasionally resulting in brawls.[62]

Divisional foes
From 2013 to 2015, the Pirates battled with the St. Louis Cardinals for the Central Division title, with the Cardinals narrowly winning the division each year. The two teams faced off in the 2013 National League Division Series, which the Cardinals won in five games. The Pirates had a contentious[63] battle with the Milwaukee Brewers for a Wild Card spot in 2014 and faced off against the Chicago Cubs in the 2015 National League Wild Card Game. The Cubs were major rivals for the Pirates earlier in their history, as both were among the best teams in baseball in the early 1900s and the Cubs eliminated the Pirates from the pennant race in the last week of the 1938 season.

Interleague
The Pirates play an annual interleague series against the Detroit Tigers. While the Pirates and Tigers only became "natural rivals" because the other AL and NL Central teams were already paired up, it has become popular with fans of both teams, possibly due to the rivalry between the National Hockey League's Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh Penguins. The two teams have several other connections as well. The Tigers' AA Minor League affiliate, the Erie SeaWolves, located near Pittsburgh, is a former affiliate of the Pirates and has retained the logo of a wolf wearing a pirate bandanna and eye patch. Additionally, Jim Leyland, former manager of both the Pirates (1986–1996) and the Tigers (2005–2013), remains popular in Pittsburgh where he resides. The Pirates led the regular-season series, 36–29. The two teams played in the 1909 World Series.

An on-and-off rivalry with the Cleveland Guardians stems from the close proximity of both cities, and features some carryover elements from the longstanding rivalry in the National Football League between the Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers. Because the Guardians' designated interleague rival is the Reds and the Pirates' designated rival is the Tigers, the teams have only played periodically. The teams played one three-game series each year from 1997 to 2001 and periodically between 2002 and 2022, generally only in years in which the AL Central played the NL Central in the former interleague play rotation. The teams played six games in 2020 as MLB instituted an abbreviated schedule focusing on regional match-ups. Beginning in 2023, the teams will play a three-game series each season as a result of the new "balanced" schedule. The Pirates lead the series 21–18.[64]


Rufus Wainwright is performing two solo shows at City Winery Pittsburgh on Saturday, March 22, 2025, as part of his "Going to a Town Solo Tour 2025". 
Here's a more detailed breakdown: 
Artist: Rufus Wainwright.
Venue: City Winery Pittsburgh.
Date: Saturday, March 22, 2025.
Tour: Going to a Town Solo Tour 2025.
Shows: Two solo shows.


The East End’s Jackworth Ginger Beer puts Pittsburgh on the map with a Pennsylvania first
Did you know that Pittsburgh is home to Pennsylvania's first ginger beer brewery?

It's called Jackworth Ginger Beer, and only a few such establishments exist in the country. Co-owners Jackworth Smith and Tyler Lewis are thrilled to be a part of this unique beverage’s revival, and they’re not taking their role lightly as the first in the state. At their brewery, they also make non-alcoholic ginger beer to offer guests, since it feels important that there’s something for everyone to enjoy inside their welcoming space.

About the Andy Warhol Museum
Located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the place of Andy Warhol’s birth, The Andy Warhol Museum holds the largest collection of Warhol’s artworks and archival materials. We are one of the most comprehensive single-artist museums in the world and the largest in North America.


Vision
The Andy Warhol Museum will be a global destination for scholarship and learning about Warhol’s life, art, and relevance to contemporary culture. With expanded access to the collection and engaging experiences, the museum will be a sustainable model for inclusivity and a platform for creative expression.

Values
The life story of Andy Warhol, in all its complexity, is inspirational and guides our work.
Our collection is the heart of our institution and we will succeed through sharing, preserving, and interpreting the collection in the most accessible way possible.
The museum is a place to express and explore multiple perspectives, push boundaries, and challenge conventions.
The Warhol believes in learning by doing and being a place of experimentation.
The Warhol is committed to advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion in every aspect of our work.
Founding
The Warhol is one of the four Carnegie Museums, and a collaborative project between Carnegie Institute, Dia Art Foundation, and The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts, Inc. Plans to house The Warhol in Pittsburgh were announced in 1989, and the museum opened its doors during a 24-hour celebration on May 13, 1994. Originally built in 1911 as a distribution center for products sold to mills and mines, The Warhol was redesigned by architect Richard Gluckman and features seven floors of gallery and exhibition space as well as an underground level that houses The Factory education studio and the conservation lab.

Carnegie Museums
Established in 1895 by Andrew Carnegie, Carnegie Museums is a collection of four distinct museums: Carnegie Museum of Art, opens new tab, Carnegie Museum of Natural History, opens new tab, Carnegie Science Center, opens new tab, and The Andy Warhol Museum. The museums reach more than 1.4 million people a year through exhibitions, educational programs, outreach activities, and special events.

The Collection
The Warhol holds the largest collection of Warhol’s artworks and archival materials. Paintings, drawings, commercial illustrations, sculptures, prints, photographs, wallpapers, sketchbooks, and books cover the entire range of Warhol’s career, from his early student work to pop art paintings and collaborations. The Warhol’s film and video collection includes approximately 350 preserved Warhol films, and it houses the entire output of the artist’s work in video, comprised of more than 4,000 videotapes. The archives is the greatest single collection of ephemera documenting Warhol’s life, and it includes Warhol’s serial work the Time Capsules—610 containers that the artist filled, sealed, and sent to storage.

Event: Maestro's Wine Dinner
Time: Wed, Apr 23, 2025, 6:00pm

About this Performance
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Maestro Manfred Honeck invite you to the annual Maestro's Wine Dinner event. This exclusive fine dining and wine pairing experience will take place at the Duquesne Club and will feature a chamber ensemble of Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Musicians, and one-of-a-kind auction items.  The wines selected are considered the epitome of class. Join us for a memorable evening supporting The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.

Event Details
Location
The Duquesne Club
325 6th Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15222 

Schedule
• 6:00pm- Cocktail Reception
• 6:45pm- Maestro's Wine Dinner

Featuring
• 5-Course Dinner with expertly paired wines
• Performance by Pittsburgh Symphony Musicians
• Live Auction

Reservation & Payment
To reserve your tickets and to pay using a credit card, please click here.

If you wish to make a pledge, or pay by check please email psoevents@pittsburghsymphony.org

Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-392-4900.


Connecting Pittsburghers
with Jewish Food
The Pittsburgh Jewish Chronicle presents its first-ever Big Nosh Jewish food festival—the largest celebration of Jewish and Israeli food and culture in the region.

Celebrate with us
Event Dates: April 7-9, 2024
Event Times: 3 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Event Location: Congregation Beth Shalom 
(5915 Beacon Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15217)

Food at the event Kosher under the Vaad Harabonim of Pittsburgh.


On March 26, 2025, the Speakers Series at Heinz Hall will feature Chris Wallace, an award-winning television anchor and political commentator. 
Here's a bit more about Chris Wallace:
He is an award-winning television anchor and political commentator. 
His career spans five decades on ABC, NBC, Fox News, and CNN. 
He anchored Fox News Sunday for 18 years. 
He is currently the host of The Chris Wallace Show. 

Vegetarian and Vegan Food Festivals
Aug. 10, 2024 | Allegheny Commons Park
Sept. 29, 2024 | Velum Fermentation

Vegetarians and Vegans are not left out in Pittsburgh! Every summer Pittsburgh gathers for the Pittsburgh Vegan Expo & Festival as well as Pittsburgh VegFest in late summer/early fall, both highlighting local vegetable-based restaurants and shops, meat-eaters might just be surprised how satisfied you will be eating a vegetable-based meal!

VegFair is Pittsburgh VegFest's spring celebration!

We would love you to be a part of it. You will receive a bounce back email from PittsburghVegFest@gmail.com after submitting. Please allow 2-3 weeks to review applications. Space is limited.
VegFair is happening at Rockwell Park, a gorgeous industrial indoor and outdoor space in the East End (across from the East End Food Coop).
VegFair ia from 11-4 on Saturday April 26th, 2025
Vendor space is very limited, apply below.

Maple Festivals
March-April 2024

Spring is maple season and the Maple Syrup Festival in Beaver County and Maple Taste & Tour Weekend and PA Maple Festival in Somerset County are your ticket to tree tapping and the freshest maple syrup from the state's top producers.


Come From Away
Fri, May 2 - Sun, May 4, 2025
PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh
Benedum Center
This New York Times Critics’ Pick takes you into the heart of the remarkable true story of 7,000 stranded passengers and the small town in Newfoundland that welcomed them. Cultures clashed and nerves ran high, but uneasiness turned into trust, music soared into the night, and gratitude grew into enduring friendships.

Don’t miss this breathtaking musical written by Tony® nominees Irene Sankoff and David Hein, directed by Tony-winning Best Director, Christopher Ashley and musical staging by Tony-nominee Kelly Devine. The tour is directed by Daniel Goldstein with musical staging by Richard J. Hinds, based on the original Broadway direction and choreography.

Newsweek cheers, “It takes you to a place you never want to leave!”

On 9/11, the world stopped.

On 9/12, their stories moved us all.

Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
Every day is a beautiful day in the neighborhood at the History Center’s Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood exhibition. Travel to the “Neighborhood of Make Believe” to see iconic artifacts up-close from the beloved children’s television show that was filmed right here in Pittsburgh.

From the living room set that Mister Rogers walked through to begin each show to King Friday XIII’s Castle and Mr. McFeely’s “Speedy Delivery” tricycle, the long-term exhibit houses the largest collection of original items from the television set on public view.

Also on view is a life-like figure of Mister Rogers, wearing his iconic sweater, necktie, khakis, and sneakers.

HALL OF HONOR MUSEUM
Located in Acrisure Stadium, the Steelers Hall of Honor Museum is dedicated to promoting, preserving and celebrating Steelers football. The Hall of Honor Museum is home to over 50 inductees and over 10,000 square feet of Steelers history. The museum provides opportunities for fans to learn more about the franchise, view rare artifacts preserved by the team, and relive the biggest moments and people in Steelers history. A portion of the proceeds go to the Art Rooney Scholarship Fund.

PSO360: Soul of the Cello
Skip to get tickets
Sat, Mar 22, 2025, 7:30pm
Sold Out!
Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra
Heinz Hall
Classical  Live Music
The Program
BACH (arr. Kanneh-Mason): Come, sweet death, come, blessed rest for Cello Quintet, BWV 478
BACH:(arr. Kanneh-Mason): Savior of the nations, come for Cello Quartet, BWV 659
BACH: "Adagio" from Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C major for Cello Quartet, BWV 564
EDMUND FINNIS: Five Preludes for Solo Cello
VILLA-LOBOS (arr. Parkin): "Prelude" from Bachianas Brasileiras No. 1 for Cello Quintet
ERIC CLAPTON (arr. Parkin): "Layla" for Cello Quintet
RAVEL: Sonata for Violin and Cello, M. 73
DVOŘÁK: Nocturne in B major for String Orchestra
BLOCH (arr. Palmer): From Jewish Life for Solo Cello, String Orchestra, and Harp

Wood Street Galleries

Wood Street Galleries features contemporary art exhibitions focused on technology and its developments through film, video, robotics, and new media installation. Spanning two floors above Pittsburgh Regional Transit’s Wood Street T-station, the galleries often showcase interactive and immersive art by international artists.

Please note: Wood Street Galleries is OPEN during construction at the Wood Street T Station.

Gallery Hours
Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm
Closed 1-1:30 pm

