URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Qualified-Charitable-Distributions
TITLE: Qualified Charitable Distributions | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Qualified Charitable Distributions
Qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact. Often referred to as "IRA Charitable Rollover Gifts," these gifts are distributions paid directly from an IRA to a nonprofit. If you are 70½ or older, you can transfer as much as $100,000 per year from an IRA directly to the Frick—without counting this transfer as taxable income. If you were 70½ before January 1, 2020, the qualified charitable distribution counts toward your required minimum distribution (RMD). If you are 70½ after January 1, 2020, you do not have required minimum distribution until age 72. If you do not meet your RMDs, IRA owners face a large tax penalty. This means you would either withdraw those amounts (increasing your taxable income) or donate them as a qualified charitable distribution. The most common way to make this gift is to submit a request to your IRA custodian. For more information on Qualified Charitable Distributions to the Frick, contact: Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or Membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/collection
TITLE: Collection | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Our Collection
Welcome to our online collections. We are pleased to offer multiple opportunities to explore the objects in our collection. Browse our collection categories below to search our detailed database or enjoy an interactive experience through Google Arts & Culture.
Collection Highlights
Our Collection on Google Arts & Culture
Welcome to our online collections. We are pleased to offer multiple opportunities to explore the objects in our collection. Browse our collection categories below to search our detailed database or enjoy an interactive experience through Google Arts & Culture. Collection Highlights Our Collection on Google Arts & Culture



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/corporate-giving
TITLE: Corporate Giving | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Corporate Giving
Extend your reach to new customers, receive public recognition, and build community goodwill through sponsorship at the Frick.  The options listed below provide promotional opportunities for your company to benefit from name placement in front of a premium audience.  Build your brand, receive valuable recognition, and support great events and educational programming for our community. Contact Manager of Institutional Support Jodi Golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or JGolomb@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/donate
TITLE: Donate | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Donate
Make A Donation
With just a few weeks remaining in our fiscal year, we are asking for your help to reach our annual fund goal! As a non-profit organization, we rely upon the kindness of our community members to help us provide engaging experiences, educational programs, and inspiring exhibitions from year to year. Thank you for supporting the Frick Pittsburgh!
The Frick Art & Historical Center is a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. Contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law. (Tax exempt number 25-1596285.)
Donate Make A Donation With just a few weeks remaining in our fiscal year, we are asking for your help to reach our annual fund goal! As a non-profit organization, we rely upon the kindness of our community members to help us provide engaging experiences, educational programs, and inspiring exhibitions from year to year. Thank you for supporting the Frick Pittsburgh! The Frick Art & Historical Center is a non-profit 501(c)3 charitable organization. Contributions are tax-deductible as allowed by law. (Tax exempt number 25-1596285.)



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/eitc
TITLE: EITC | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program (EITC)
The Educational Improvement Tax Credit Program is a Pennsylvania tax credit for businesses who make a donation to an approved nonprofit organization.  The Frick Art Pittsburgh, a valuable source of innovative learning and inspiration, is an approved Educational Improvement Organization. Companies making a contribution to the Frick through EITC can receive significant tax benefits.  Approved corporations can receive tax credits equal to 75 percent of its contribution up to a maximum of $750,000 per taxable year.  Businesses who agree to provide the same amount for two consecutive tax years can receive 90% of the contribution as a tax credit.  This can mean you receive up to 90% of your gift total as a tax credit: your $10,000 gift could result in a credit as high as $9,000. Contact Manager of Insitutional Support Jodi Golomb for details at 412-342-4089 or JGolomb@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/exhibitions
TITLE: Exhibitions | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Pittsburgh Museums and Gardens
Exhibitions
The Frick offers an exciting schedule of special exhibitions featuring art and artists from the Renaissance to the present.



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/gifts-of-stock
TITLE: Gifts of Stock | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Gifts of Stock
Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the Frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow.
Gifts of stock or appreciated assets Many donors choose to make gifts of appreciated stocks or mutual funds to offset an anticipated capital gains tax. Even better, you can take a sizeable charitable deduction on your taxes—a deduction that can be used to offset other taxes. Stock or other appreciated assets can also be used to fund a charitable trust or life income agreement. Transfer of Stock Before transferring stock to the Frick, please notify us of your intentions and the details of your gift, including stock type and number of shares to be transferred.  We will need this information to properly credit you and issue a receipt for tax purposes.  Below is the information to provide to your broker for an electronic transfer of your gift:
PNC Bank DTC # 2616 Account Name: FAHC STOCK GIFTS Account Number: 21-10-001-3738193 Attention: Christina Hritz, 412-768-6324 For more information on making a gift of stock, contact: Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .
Using appreciated stock is an excellent way to make a gift to the Frick because it offers significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Gifts of stock or appreciated assets Many donors choose to make gifts of appreciated stocks or mutual funds to offset an anticipated capital gains tax. Even better, you can take a sizeable charitable deduction on your taxes—a deduction that can be used to offset other taxes. Stock or other appreciated assets can also be used to fund a charitable trust or life income agreement. Transfer of Stock Before transferring stock to the Frick, please notify us of your intentions and the details of your gift, including stock type and number of shares to be transferred.  We will need this information to properly credit you and issue a receipt for tax purposes.  Below is the information to provide to your broker for an electronic transfer of your gift: PNC Bank DTC # 2616 Account Name: FAHC STOCK GIFTS Account Number: 21-10-001-3738193 Attention: Christina Hritz, 412-768-6324 For more information on making a gift of stock, contact: Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/learn
TITLE: Learning | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Learning at the Frick
We believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. Take a guided tour of Clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. We welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the Frick.
Looking to schedule a field trip? January and February offer more flexibility in available dates. Consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. Learn more and schedule today!
For Educators
Our hands-on learning programs for students K-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts.  Frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives.
If you're interested in bringing your students to The Frick, our 2024-2025 School Programs Booklet is the best place to start the planning process. The booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. By popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! Download your free copy below.
If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival.
School Programs
The Frick Pittsburgh is committed to offering engaging, thoughtful student programs both online and on-site in our three museums. Our programs explore the interdisciplinary nature of the Frick—from fine art in The Frick Art Museum, to life in the gilded age in Clayton, to the history of transportation in our Car and Carriage Museum. Learn More
Teacher Professional Development
At the Frick we not only welcome students, but teachers too!  Throughout the year we offer teacher workshops that focus on a wide variety of art, history, and other educational topics through multidisciplinary, standards-based workshops.  These programs offer Act 48 activity hours while providing teachers with fresh and practical classroom-ready suggestions. View Programs
Learning Resources
Family Programs
The Frick Pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family.  We offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. Our learning activities are for children of all ages. View Calendar
Workshops
Nurture your creativity at The Frick! Young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with The Frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. Each session is inspired by The Frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop.
Adult Programs
Throughout the year, the Frick Pittsburgh presents a wide variety of thoughtful, enlightening, and enjoyable programs for adults. From exhibition lectures and special events to classes and workshops, Frick programming offers numerous opportunities for adults to connect with our collections, exhibitions and each other. View Calendar
Outreach
We offer a variety of outreach programs for adults through local libraries, senior centers and community centers, and we also regularly host activity tables at community events throughout the city. Learn More
We believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. Take a guided tour of Clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. We welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the Frick. Looking to schedule a field trip? January and February offer more flexibility in available dates. Consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. Learn more and schedule today!
Our hands-on learning programs for students K-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts.  Frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives. If you're interested in bringing your students to The Frick, our 2024-2025 School Programs Booklet is the best place to start the planning process. The booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. By popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! Download your free copy below. School Program Booklet If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Guidelines
We offer a variety of multi-disciplinary resources designed to support educators at every grade level, regardless of whether they are teaching remotely or in the classroom. View Resources
The Frick Pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family.  We offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. Our learning activities are for children of all ages. View Calendar Workshops Nurture your creativity at The Frick! Young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with The Frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. Each session is inspired by The Frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop. View Calendar



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/oursupporters
TITLE: Our Supporters | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Our Supporters
84 Lumber Company Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. Babst Calland Bank of America Bennett Supply Company Big Burrito Restaurant Group BilkeyKatz Investment Consultants, Inc. C.S. McKee, LP Centimark Corporation Chubb The Davey Tree Expert Company Dollar Bank The Dollar Bank Foundation Donnelly-Boland and Associates Eat'n Park Hospitality Group, Inc. Eckert Seamans Cherin & Mellot LLC Education Management Corporation First National Bank of Pennsylvania Greco Gas, Inc. Hefren-Tillotson, Inc. Henderson Brothers, Inc. Howard Hanna Real Estate Services Huntington National Bank KeyBank Koppers Inc. Levin Furniture The Lockhart Company MacLachlan Cornelius & Filoni McCutcheon Enterprises, Inc. Meyer, Unkovic & Scott LLP Modany & Falcone MSA Safety Inc. Near Earth Autonomy NexTier Bank Orbital Engineering Inc. OsteoStrong Pittsburgh East PartySavvy Peoples Natural Gas PJ Dick & Trumbull PNC Porter Wright Morris & Arthur LLP Rania's Catering RR Donnelley Pittsburgh Schneider Downs Shiloh Services, Inc. Smithfield Trust Company Supercuts UPMC Health Plan Worgul, Sarna & Ness, Criminal Defense Attorneys, LLC



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/plan-your-visit
TITLE: Plan Your Visit | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Plan Your Visit
Ready to explore?
At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature. To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out! For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available.
At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature. To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out! For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available. Tickets



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/reciprocal-museums
TITLE: Reciprocal Museums | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Reciprocal Museums
Members will enjoy free general admission, discounts at museum shops and restaurants as well as on concert tickets and lecture registrations* through the North American Reciprocal Museum (NARM) Association and the Reciprocal Organization of Associated Museums (ROAM) reciprocal programs, in addition to the Art Museum Reciprocal Network museums listed below.
*Reciprocal benefits vary by organization.  Please contact the organization(s) you plan to visit to verify the benefits offered to reciprocal members.
Art Museum Reciprocal Network
Academy Art Museum – Easton, MD Albright-Knox Art Gallery – Buffalo, NY American Folk Art Museum – Long Island City, NY Art Gallery of Ontario – Toronto, Ontario (Canada) The Barnes Foundation – Philadelphia, PA Blanton Museum of Art – Austin, TX Chrysler Museum of Art – Norfolk, VA The Cleveland Museum of Art – Cleveland, OH Columbus Museum of Art – Columbus, OH Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum – New York, NY Crocker Art Museum – Sacramento, CA Delaware Art Museum – Wilmington, DE Denver Art Museum – Denver, CO Des Moines Art Center – Des Moines, IA Everhart Museum of Natural History, Science, and Art – Scranton, Pennsylvania Farnsworth Art Museum – Rockland, ME The Frick Collection – New York, NY Frist Center for the Visual Arts – Nashville, TN The George Washington University Museum and The Textile Museum – Washington, District of Columbia Georgia O’Keeffe Museum – Santa Fe, NM Hill-Stead Museum – Farmington, CT Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum – Boston, MA Milwaukee Art Museum – Milwaukee, WI Montclair Art Museum – Montclair, New Jersey National Portrait Gallery – Washington, District of Columbia The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art – Kansas City, MO New Jersey State Museum Foundation – Trenton, NJ New Orleans Museum of Art – New Orleans, LA Newark Museum – Newark, NJ North Carolina Museum of Art – Raleigh, NC Norton Museum of Art – West Palm Beach, FL Peabody Essex Museum – Salem, MA Philadelphia Museum of Art – Philadelphia, PA The Phillips Collection – Washington, DC Portland Museum of Art – Portland, ME Poster House – New York, NY Princeton University Art Museum – Princeton, NJ Rhode Island School of Design Museum of Art – Providence, RI Smith College Museum of Art – Northampton, MA Smithsonian American Art Museum and its Renwick Gallery – Washington, DC Swope Art Museum – Terre Haute, IN Taft Museum of Art – Cincinnati, OH Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art – Hartford, CT Walker Art Center – Minneapolis, Minnesota The Walters Art Museum – Baltimore, MD
Frick Pittsburgh members at the Fellow ($125) level and above can experience more than 1,000 museums across North America with reciprocal museum benefits. Members will enjoy free general admission, discounts at museum shops and restaurants as well as on concert tickets and lecture registrations* through the North American Reciprocal Museum (NARM) Association and the Reciprocal Organization of Associated Museums (ROAM) reciprocal programs, in addition to the Art Museum Reciprocal Network museums listed below. *Reciprocal benefits vary by organization.  Please contact the organization(s) you plan to visit to verify the benefits offered to reciprocal members.



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/see-and-do
TITLE: See and Do | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
See and Do
Customize Your Frick Experience
With so much to see and do, every visit to the Frick can be different. Experience the culture and refinement of the Gilded Age in a beautiful setting no other museum in Pittsburgh can offer. .



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/support
TITLE: Support | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Help preserve our past and shape the future.
Support The Frick Pittsburgh
When you make a gift to The Frick Pittsburgh, you play an essential role in our mission to continue the legacy of Helen Clay Frick by offering one of the best experiences of art, history and nature in a welcoming environment that inspires and delights. Discover the many ways that your gift to the Frick builds a lasting legacy.  Whether you’re interested in supporting a specific exhibition or program, becoming an Individual or Corporate Member, making an Annual Fund gift or including us in your estate plans, know that your gift helps us to inspire and educate audiences of all ages through world-class exhibitions, meaningful educational programming and continued care of our museum and gardens.



URL: http://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/the-frick-societies
TITLE: The Frick Societies | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Societies
Be a part of a special group that plays an incomparable role in sustaining the Frick and shaping an inspiring future fueled by curiosity, equity, and inclusion! Combined annual giving of $1,000 or more will enable you to become a member of this leadership group as well as provide vital ongoing philanthropic support for exhibitions, programming, and the care and growth of the Frick’s diverse collections for all to enjoy. There are many simple and creative ways to support the Frick at this level. You can make a gift online today or mail a check to: The Frick Pittsburgh Advancement & Engagement Department 7227 Reynolds St. Pittsburgh, PA 15208 Other methods of giving include gifts of appreciated stock or mutual funds , which offer significant tax benefits without affecting your cash flow. Additionally, qualified charitable distributions from your Individual Retirement Account (IRA) are current gifts with an immediate impact. See below for a full list of the benefits associated with supporting the museum as a member of The Frick Societies. For more information, contact Advancement & Engagement staff at 412-342-4086 or Membership@TheFrickPittsburgh.org .



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org
TITLE: Home | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Get Cozy at the Frick
Take a break from the winter weather and enjoy art, history, and nature! This season there's something for everyone: enjoy Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) , transport yourself back to 1892 with our signature Gilded, Not Golden tour of Clayton, and travel through time at the Car and Carriage Museum . Plus, keep yourself warm with seasonal drinks from The Café at the Frick and a stroll through our picturesque greenhouse.
Monday, March 10 Campus Closed



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Book-Talk-Dr-Edda-Fields-Black-on-Harriet-Tubman-and-the-Combahee-River-Raid
TITLE: Book Talk: Dr. Edda Fields-Black on Harriet Tubman and the Combahee River Raid | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
April 24, 2025 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM
Join Dr. Edda Fields-Black for an examination of untold stories and reclaimed histories through her most recent book, COMBEE: Harriet Tubman, the Combahee River Raid and Black Freedom during the Civil War . COMBEE explores Harriet Tubman’s often-overlooked role in the largest slave rebellion in US history that resulted in the liberation of 756 people from bondage on seven rice plantations. Through previously unexamined sources, Dr. Fields-Black—herself a descendent of a soldier who fought in the raid—brings to life the Combahee River Raid and the untold stories of those freed, their resilience, and the lasting impact of Tubman’s heroism.
Following the book talk, enjoy a light reception and book signing with the author as well as access to Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) . Ticket price includes exhibition admission, advanced registration required.
Dr. Edda L. Fields-Black is a Professor in the Department of History and the Director of the Dietrich College Humanities Center at Carnegie Mellon University.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Echoes-An-Evening-of-Music-with-KEA
TITLE: Echoes: An Evening of Music with KEA | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
March 29, 2025 4:00 PM - 6:30 PM
Inspired by Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) , KEA — an acclaimed artist celebrated for her soulful voice, evocative storytelling, and magnetic stage presence — weaves together music, poetry, and visual elements to reflect on the legacy of racial history in America. Joined by her talented duo of musicians on drums and guitar, the program features iconic African-American songs, original verse, and rhythmic percussion, bridging past and present in a profound meditation on resilience, heritage, and justice.
Ticket price includes exhibition admission, a glass of wine (21+), and after the performance meet-and-greet with the musicians. Advance registration and pre-payment required.
Performers
KEA — vocals Gary Kalinoski — guitar Kai Ballard — percussion
About KEA
Raised in Pittsburgh to a singer/guitarist father and a violinist mother, KEA has had an intimate relationship with music all her life. With her love for literature, her first writings were in the realm of poetry. KEA's love for singing blossomed following vocal training from Elayne Kitay and the local Jazz Workshop. KEA was always sensitive and deeply affected by the ebb and flow of personal relationships — the sweet beginnings, the steamy evolutions, the work put in to sustain them, and all too often, the endings.
Her insights became poems and later songs, each helping her shape her unique outlet of soul with a touch of jazz. A debut single, "iLove You," came to her one inspirational night in 2015 when she sat down to write a poem-like lullaby for one of her daughters. She later turned that poem into a song about an older daughter battling kidney hydro-nephrosis since birth. When the opportunity presented itself, KEA recorded "iLove You" and independently released it to the world on July 28, 2017, where it garnered profound international support on the BBC and Radiovolna and peaked at #1 on four U.K. Soul charts. smoothjazz.com even chose it as 'Song of the Month' by influential music site SoulTracks.
To keep up the momentum, KEA had a beautiful video shot in high definition 4K. From the pages of her life struggles, the storyline was the years that KEA placed romance on the backburner to focus on her daughter's health. The “iLove You” video was directed and edited by Deon Smalley (Smalley Films), and KEA, who also cast the clip and handled the production and costume design.
It was vital to KEA for the key locations around Pittsburgh to serve as backdrops, in-cluding Andrew Carnegie Free Library and Music Hall, Airbnb Historic Day House, and Dorsey’s Records shop. Most poignantly, the video starred KEA and her children Au-hneyah (6) and Alyssa (16) (playing one child over ten years), solidifying the intimate single-parent family portrait of unshakable love between a mother and daughter.
KEA returned with her second single. “Not My Friend,” a smooth, engaging groove with a pretty melody about a woman disconnecting from an unhealthy relationship. This song addressed a man who was verbally and emotionally abusive, controlling, non-communicative and self-centered. As a holiday treat for her increasing number of fans, KEA showcased her unique interpretive skills with a haunting rendition of Motown legend William “Smokey” Robinson’s winter of 1980 classic, “Being with You.” Where Robinson's rendition took a deceptively breezy musical approach about a man desper-ate to keep a lover, KEA dug into the darker psychological impact of the words.
KEA’s version of "Being with You" is known on the charts of America and the U.K. and she has achieved success on Digital Radio Tracker, Top 30 on the Urban Influencer urban chart, coveted streams on I-Heart radio, and supportive U.S. stations such as WFSK in Nashville, KCCB in Corning, Arkansas, and Top 10 status at Buffalo, New York's WUFO.
Promising more provocative songs with intriguing titles such as “Black Man,” “Black Beauty”, and “Pieces of a Man,” KEA’s goals are for mainstream and international suc-cess. She has performed at hometown Pittsburgh events and venues such as the Channel 11 News Holiday Parade, Stars at Riverview Jazz Series, The Birthright of Pittsburgh, the Explore East Liberty 2018 Wine Festival, the Harambe Black Arts Festi-val, the Christine Fréchard Gallery, and the Carnegie Arts Initiative (Jazz On 3rd).
The Black Lives Matter movement inspired "Holla if You Hear Me” and it quickly be-came one of Amazon’s hottest new releases. KEA also achieved success on the UK Soul chart and the ‘National Indie Soul Chart’ platforms ranking in the top #30. She was even invited to perform for their BMMAC (Black Music Month Award Ceremony in Buffalo, New York. During the ceremony, she met Gary Hines, Music Director and Pro-ducer of the 3-time Grammy Award-Winning Sounds of Blackness. In the words of Gary Hines, he said about her performance, "She killed tonight; she is amazing." He told KEA, "You are a phenomenal woman."
Her success continued with “We made it thru” and “Turn it Around” — two releases that continued to show her ever-expanded range of lyric skills and ability to get to the heart of issues that really matter. But there is more to KEA than writing and recording. She is an artist who knows what it means to connect in-person with real people.
Always close to her community, she has been something of a staple in Pittsburgh's en-tertainment scene. The Downtown Pittsburgh Partnership and Walnut Capital and opening the Picklesburgh three-day festival held at the iconic Andy Warhol Bridge are all on her list of achievements. She even performed at “The Biggest Party of the Year”, Pittsburgh's Light Up Night festival.
KEA has been booked throughout the year and is always excited to connect with a new crowd with lyrics and sounds that are always raw, real, and straight from the heart.
About Kai Ballard
Kai is a trained drummer who mastered his craft while studying at Florissant Valley Community College followed by a stint at Indiana University School of Music, Bloomington, IN. It was at I.U. where his passion fully took hold and he played in a plethora of bands, operas, symphonies and musicals. Notable productions include Barber of Seville , Cabaret , Working , Meet Me In St. Louis and Phantom of the Opera .
He has also toured with Krystol who had a top ten billboard hit with “Passion for a Woman” writ-ten by Randy Jackson and opened for Morris Day, ConFunkShun and the Jetts. A year later and he toured with Hank Ballard and the Midnighters, followed by performances with Miki Howard and Jean Carne across a range of LA venues.
A notable career highlight was having the opportunity to rehearse with Stevie Wonder for sev-eral months in his Wonderland studio. Big things continued when Kai toured with L.L. Cool J on the Budweiser Tour alongside Whitney Houston, Keith Sweat, Digital Underground and many more. This was all before his passion for music took him to Japan with members of Earth, Wind & Fire, as well as several other groups of that era.
Jump forward to 1994 and you may remember seeing him perform on Saturday Night Live with the one and only Snoop Doggy Dogg. Hot off the back of that he received a full cymbal, stick and merchandise endorsement from Zildjian and continued to do his thing like no one else.
Along the way he took instruction at UCLA where Randy Jackson (then A&R VP at A&M Rec-ords) and Barry Squire (then A&R manager at Columbia Records) taught him like only they can. He soon headed over to Capitol Records where he would work on the iconic Paul McCartney’s “Back in the U.S.” tour in 2001.
Check in with Kai back in 2009 and you’ll have found him recording 8 tracks on Bone Thugs-N-Harmony’s “The World’s Enemy” CD. He was based in LA during this part of his career and worked on everything from heavy metal to country, before making the move to Pittsburgh 4 years ago.
Since arriving in the City of Bridges, Kai has played with Mike Sheer, Craig King, Eric Johnson (jazz), Tony Campbell, and others at Backstage Bar, Thunderbird, R Bar, and James Street. You’ll find him teaching drumming at Nstuff Music where he continues to share his passion with the next generation.
Performers KEA — vocals Gary Kalinoski — guitar Kai Ballard — percussion About KEA Raised in Pittsburgh to a singer/guitarist father and a violinist mother, KEA has had an intimate relationship with music all her life. With her love for literature, her first writings were in the realm of poetry. KEA's love for singing blossomed following vocal training from Elayne Kitay and the local Jazz Workshop. KEA was always sensitive and deeply affected by the ebb and flow of personal relationships — the sweet beginnings, the steamy evolutions, the work put in to sustain them, and all too often, the endings. Her insights became poems and later songs, each helping her shape her unique outlet of soul with a touch of jazz. A debut single, "iLove You," came to her one inspirational night in 2015 when she sat down to write a poem-like lullaby for one of her daughters. She later turned that poem into a song about an older daughter battling kidney hydro-nephrosis since birth. When the opportunity presented itself, KEA recorded "iLove You" and independently released it to the world on July 28, 2017, where it garnered profound international support on the BBC and Radiovolna and peaked at #1 on four U.K. Soul charts. smoothjazz.com even chose it as 'Song of the Month' by influential music site SoulTracks. To keep up the momentum, KEA had a beautiful video shot in high definition 4K. From the pages of her life struggles, the storyline was the years that KEA placed romance on the backburner to focus on her daughter's health. The “iLove You” video was directed and edited by Deon Smalley (Smalley Films), and KEA, who also cast the clip and handled the production and costume design. It was vital to KEA for the key locations around Pittsburgh to serve as backdrops, in-cluding Andrew Carnegie Free Library and Music Hall, Airbnb Historic Day House, and Dorsey’s Records shop. Most poignantly, the video starred KEA and her children Au-hneyah (6) and Alyssa (16) (playing one child over ten years), solidifying the intimate single-parent family portrait of unshakable love between a mother and daughter. KEA returned with her second single. “Not My Friend,” a smooth, engaging groove with a pretty melody about a woman disconnecting from an unhealthy relationship. This song addressed a man who was verbally and emotionally abusive, controlling, non-communicative and self-centered. As a holiday treat for her increasing number of fans, KEA showcased her unique interpretive skills with a haunting rendition of Motown legend William “Smokey” Robinson’s winter of 1980 classic, “Being with You.” Where Robinson's rendition took a deceptively breezy musical approach about a man desper-ate to keep a lover, KEA dug into the darker psychological impact of the words. KEA’s version of "Being with You" is known on the charts of America and the U.K. and she has achieved success on Digital Radio Tracker, Top 30 on the Urban Influencer urban chart, coveted streams on I-Heart radio, and supportive U.S. stations such as WFSK in Nashville, KCCB in Corning, Arkansas, and Top 10 status at Buffalo, New York's WUFO. Promising more provocative songs with intriguing titles such as “Black Man,” “Black Beauty”, and “Pieces of a Man,” KEA’s goals are for mainstream and international suc-cess. She has performed at hometown Pittsburgh events and venues such as the Channel 11 News Holiday Parade, Stars at Riverview Jazz Series, The Birthright of Pittsburgh, the Explore East Liberty 2018 Wine Festival, the Harambe Black Arts Festi-val, the Christine Fréchard Gallery, and the Carnegie Arts Initiative (Jazz On 3rd). The Black Lives Matter movement inspired "Holla if You Hear Me” and it quickly be-came one of Amazon’s hottest new releases. KEA also achieved success on the UK Soul chart and the ‘National Indie Soul Chart’ platforms ranking in the top #30. She was even invited to perform for their BMMAC (Black Music Month Award Ceremony in Buffalo, New York. During the ceremony, she met Gary Hines, Music Director and Pro-ducer of the 3-time Grammy Award-Winning Sounds of Blackness. In the words of Gary Hines, he said about her performance, "She killed tonight; she is amazing." He told KEA, "You are a phenomenal woman." Her success continued with “We made it thru” and “Turn it Around” — two releases that continued to show her ever-expanded range of lyric skills and ability to get to the heart of issues that really matter. But there is more to KEA than writing and recording. She is an artist who knows what it means to connect in-person with real people. Always close to her community, she has been something of a staple in Pittsburgh's en-tertainment scene. The Downtown Pittsburgh Partnership and Walnut Capital and opening the Picklesburgh three-day festival held at the iconic Andy Warhol Bridge are all on her list of achievements. She even performed at “The Biggest Party of the Year”, Pittsburgh's Light Up Night festival. KEA has been booked throughout the year and is always excited to connect with a new crowd with lyrics and sounds that are always raw, real, and straight from the heart. About Kai Ballard Kai is a trained drummer who mastered his craft while studying at Florissant Valley Community College followed by a stint at Indiana University School of Music, Bloomington, IN. It was at I.U. where his passion fully took hold and he played in a plethora of bands, operas, symphonies and musicals. Notable productions include Barber of Seville , Cabaret , Working , Meet Me In St. Louis and Phantom of the Opera . He has also toured with Krystol who had a top ten billboard hit with “Passion for a Woman” writ-ten by Randy Jackson and opened for Morris Day, ConFunkShun and the Jetts. A year later and he toured with Hank Ballard and the Midnighters, followed by performances with Miki Howard and Jean Carne across a range of LA venues. A notable career highlight was having the opportunity to rehearse with Stevie Wonder for sev-eral months in his Wonderland studio. Big things continued when Kai toured with L.L. Cool J on the Budweiser Tour alongside Whitney Houston, Keith Sweat, Digital Underground and many more. This was all before his passion for music took him to Japan with members of Earth, Wind & Fire, as well as several other groups of that era. Jump forward to 1994 and you may remember seeing him perform on Saturday Night Live with the one and only Snoop Doggy Dogg. Hot off the back of that he received a full cymbal, stick and merchandise endorsement from Zildjian and continued to do his thing like no one else. Along the way he took instruction at UCLA where Randy Jackson (then A&R VP at A&M Rec-ords) and Barry Squire (then A&R manager at Columbia Records) taught him like only they can. He soon headed over to Capitol Records where he would work on the iconic Paul McCartney’s “Back in the U.S.” tour in 2001. Check in with Kai back in 2009 and you’ll have found him recording 8 tracks on Bone Thugs-N-Harmony’s “The World’s Enemy” CD. He was based in LA during this part of his career and worked on everything from heavy metal to country, before making the move to Pittsburgh 4 years ago. Since arriving in the City of Bridges, Kai has played with Mike Sheer, Craig King, Eric Johnson (jazz), Tony Campbell, and others at Backstage Bar, Thunderbird, R Bar, and James Street. You’ll find him teaching drumming at Nstuff Music where he continues to share his passion with the next generation.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Gallery-Conversations-in-Kara-Walker-Harpers-Pictorial-History-of-the-Civil-War-Annotated-1
TITLE: Gallery Conversations in Kara Walker | 1:30 PM | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
March 12, 2025 1:30 PM - 1:50 PM
Join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) . Gallery facilitators will gather interested participants within the exhibition galleries. Talks run approximately 20 minutes.
Gallery conversations are also held at 2:30 p.m. on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays
Gallery conversations available at 1:30 p.m. on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Gallery-Conversations-in-Kara-Walker-Harpers-Pictorial-History-of-the-Civil-War-Annotated-2
TITLE: Gallery Conversations in Kara Walker | 2:30 PM | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
March 12, 2025 2:30 PM - 2:50 PM
Join a gallery facilitator for a close-looking exploration of selected works in Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) . Gallery facilitators will gather interested participants within the exhibition galleries. Talks run approximately 20 minutes.
Gallery conversations are also held at 1:30 p.m. on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays
Gallery conversations available at 2:30 p.m. on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Guest-Label-Writers-in-Conversation
TITLE: Guest Label Writers in Conversation | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
May 1, 2025 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
You’re invited to a lively and interactive evening where guest labelists share the insights behind the Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) works that inspired their labels. Engage in round-robin conversations and gain fresh perspectives on the art through their unique interpretations. It’s a rare chance to experience the art in an entirely new way!
Guest Labelists
The Kara Walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community. Guest contributors as of January 30 include:
Guest Labelists The Kara Walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community. Guest contributors as of January 30 include: Amanda Boston, Assistant Professor, Department of Africana Studies, University of Pittsburgh Tara Fay Coleman, mother, conceptual artist, curator, writer, and arts worker Madeline Gent, Executive Director, Associated Artists of Pittsburgh Jasmine Green, Black Girl Absolute Jim Griffin, Director of Equity and Community Engagement, University of Pittsburgh Michael Kraus, Curator, Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum Bryanna McDaniel, MPH, Public Health Professional Shaun Myers, Assistant Professor, Department of English, University of Pittsburgh Alaina E. Roberts, Associate Professor of History, University of Pittsburgh Kirk Savage, William S. Dietrich II Professor, History of Art and Architecture, University of Pittsburgh Haifa Subay, artist Heather White, Artist and Director of Learning, The Andy Warhol Museum Quaishawn Whitlock, Artist and Educator Imin Yeh, Associate Professor of Art and Director of Foundational Studies, Carnegie Mellon University



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Guided-Evening-Tour-of-Kara-Walker-Harpers-Pictorial-History-of-the-Civil-War-Annotated-April
TITLE: Guided Evening Tour of Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) | April 16 | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
April 16, 2025 6:00 PM
Spend an evening in Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) for an exclusive guided tour of the exhibition exploring the work of one of the most important artists of our time.
Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door. Two tour times are available, please select one upon registration.
Tour Duration: Each tour lasts one hour. Two tours will be offered, with start times at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. Guided tours will also be available on May 7, 2025 .
Tours available at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Guided-Evening-Tour-of-Kara-Walker-Harpers-Pictorial-History-of-the-Civil-War-Annotated-May
TITLE: Guided Evening Tour of Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) | May 7 | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
May 7, 2025 6:00 PM
Spend an evening in Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) for an exclusive guided tour of the exhibition exploring the work of one of the most important artists of our time.
Tickets for this program must be purchased in advance; tickets will not be available at the door. Two tour times are available, please select one upon registration.
Tour Duration: Each tour lasts one hour. Two tours will be offered, with start times at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. Guided tours will also be available on April 16, 2025 .
Tours available at 6:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-Signature-Clayton-Tour-Experience-Gilded-Not-Golden
TITLE: Clayton Guided Tours | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
March 11, 2025 10:15 AM - 3:00 PM
Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays Times: 10:15 a.m. through 3:00* p.m. Duration: 75 minutes Suggested Ages: Most appropriate for ages 9 and up Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. * Times may vary, please click here to check tour time availability
Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086
Tours run Tuesdays through Sundays
About the Tour
Just announced! Gilded, Not Golden , the newly reinterpreted tour of Clayton, won a 2024 Leadership in History Award from the American Association for State and Local History .
"The tour guide did an excellent job of explaining the house details, decorative arts, family history & Gilded Age, in general. I particularly liked how history of the working class was woven in as a counterpoint to the lavish lifestyle of the wealthy." - Claire L.
SCHEDULE A TOUR
Cost:
Plan Your Visit:
Just announced! Gilded, Not Golden , the newly reinterpreted tour of Clayton, won a 2024 Leadership in History Award from the American Association for State and Local History . Look beneath the “gilded” surface of the late 19th century to reveal the era's more complicated truths. Discover Pittsburgh’s influence as an industrial powerhouse through a shared dialogue about the ongoing legacies of the Gilded Age. "The tour guide did an excellent job of explaining the house details, decorative arts, family history & Gilded Age, in general. I particularly liked how history of the working class was woven in as a counterpoint to the lavish lifestyle of the wealthy." - Claire L. The Gilded Age was an era not only of immense wealth and progress, but also rapid industrialization, unprecedented immigration, and labor strife. Explore this pivotal time in our nation’s history at Clayton, the only remaining fully preserved Gilded Age mansion in Pittsburgh. Join your guide and other visitors for a conversational experience that shares the stories of the Frick family and other Pittsburghers, and considers how the legacy of the Gilded Age continues to affect us today. MORE ABOUT THE TOUR Content advisory: 1892 was a tumultuous year for the Frick family and the Pittsburgh steel industry. For this reason, tours of Clayton deal with potentially challenging subject matter, including discussions of violence, grief, and child loss. SCHEDULE A TOUR Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Cost: Free for members $22 for non-members $18 for Seniors aged 65+, post-secondary Students, Veteran/Active Military/National Guard/Reserves, people with disabilities (ADA), pre-K-12 Teachers, First Responders $12 for youth 17 and under $1 for Museums for All (SNAP benefits recipients) with Electronic Benefit Transfer (EBT) card Free for babies held in arms Free for Corporate Partners, Reciprocal Museum Members (NARM/ROAM) Plan Your Visit: Clayton tours include the first and second floors. The first floor of the house is wheelchair accessible. Click for more information about accessibility . All Clayton tours begin at the Grable Visitor Center. Advance reservations are highly recommended. Group tours are available for groups of 11 or more. Learn more about reserving group tours.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Event-The-Art-of-the-Crucifixion-From-Anguish-to-Absurdity
TITLE: The Art of the Crucifixion: From Anguish to Absurdity | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
March 30, 2025 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
Depictions of the crucified Christ are common in both churches and art museums, though the specifics can vary widely. The Bible gives scant details and leaves a lot of room for imagination, and artists of every era have been quick to add their own creative touches. From Byzantine works that adhered closely to theological doctrine, to Western wealthy patrons with their own ideas about how the crucifixion should be shown, to modern artists creating passionate testaments to their personal beliefs as well as their views on politics and social justice, there is much to examine through visual representations of this singular, profound event.
Arcangelo Cola da Camerino, Italian, The Madonna and Child, Enthroned; Crucifixion , circa 1420-1422, tempera on panel, 20 x 23 1/4 in. Frick Art & Historical Center.
Dr. Arbitman received both an MA and Ph.D. in art history from the University of Pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century Dutch art, more specifically, Rembrandt. After serving as the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State University and the Executive Director of the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens in Florida.
Depictions of the crucified Christ are common in both churches and art museums, though the specifics can vary widely. The Bible gives scant details and leaves a lot of room for imagination, and artists of every era have been quick to add their own creative touches. From Byzantine works that adhered closely to theological doctrine, to Western wealthy patrons with their own ideas about how the crucifixion should be shown, to modern artists creating passionate testaments to their personal beliefs as well as their views on politics and social justice, there is much to examine through visual representations of this singular, profound event. Arcangelo Cola da Camerino, Italian, The Madonna and Child, Enthroned; Crucifixion , circa 1420-1422, tempera on panel, 20 x 23 1/4 in. Frick Art & Historical Center. Dr. Arbitman received both an MA and Ph.D. in art history from the University of Pittsburgh with a specialization in seventeenth-century Dutch art, more specifically, Rembrandt. After serving as the first curator-in-charge of The Frick Art Museum in 1985, she went on to become the director of the Palmer Museum of Art at Penn State University and the Executive Director of the Cummer Museum of Art & Gardens in Florida.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Exhibition-Kara-Walker-Harpers-Pictorial-History-of-the-Civil-War-Annotated
TITLE: Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Guest Labelists
The Kara Walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community. Guest contributors include:
Hear from a select number of labelists in conversation on May 1, when we host a lively discussion about the pieces that inspired their labels. Learn More →
Supporters
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) is made possible by many generous supporters. If you would like to join the list of supporters, click here to make a gift in support of this milestone exhibition .
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
Experience Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) from March 1 through May 25, 2025. Tickets are not timed. You may enter the exhibition at any time between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. during the day of your ticket.
Members : Free General Admission: $15 Seniors 65+, Military/Veterans, Adults w/ Disabilities, Teachers: $13 Students w/ ID: $10 Museums for All (EBT): $1 Youth 17 & under: $5
Group admission of $13 per person is available for groups of 10 people or more. To reserve group admission tickets, please email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org .
Get Tickets
Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086
Free Admission Day
Enjoy free admission to Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) thanks to generous support from Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield. Registration is required for entry.
Wednesday, April 2, 2025 — Highmark Bright Blue Futures Free Admission Day sponsored by Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Guest Labelists The Kara Walker exhibition features the contributions of guest labelists from the Pittsburgh community. Guest contributors include: – Amanda Boston , Assistant Professor, Department of Africana Studies, University of Pittsburgh – Tara Fay Coleman , artist, curator, and writer committed to fostering critical dialogue in the arts – Madeline Gent , Executive Director, Associated Artists of Pittsburgh – Jasmine Green , Black Girl Absolute – Jim Griffin , Director of Equity and Community Engagement, University of Pittsburgh – Michael Kraus , Curator, Soldiers & Sailors Memorial Hall and Museum – Bryanna McDaniel , MPH, Public Health Professional – Shaun Myers , Assistant Professor, Department of English, University of Pittsburgh – Alaina E. Roberts , Associate Professor of History, University of Pittsburgh – Kirk Savage , William S. Dietrich II Professor, History of Art and Architecture, University of Pittsburgh – Haifa Subay , artist – Heather White , Artist and Director of Learning, The Andy Warhol Museum – Quaishawn Whitlock , Artist and Educator – Imin Yeh , Associate Professor of Art and Director of Foundational Studies, Carnegie Mellon University Hear from a select number of labelists in conversation on May 1, when we host a lively discussion about the pieces that inspired their labels. Learn More → Supporters Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) is made possible by many generous supporters. If you would like to join the list of supporters, click here to make a gift in support of this milestone exhibition . View Exhibition Supporters
Experience Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) from March 1 through May 25, 2025. Tickets are not timed. You may enter the exhibition at any time between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. during the day of your ticket. Members : Free General Admission: $15 Seniors 65+, Military/Veterans, Adults w/ Disabilities, Teachers: $13 Students w/ ID: $10 Museums for All (EBT): $1 Youth 17 & under: $5 Group admission of $13 per person is available for groups of 10 people or more. To reserve group admission tickets, please email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org . Get Tickets Members are encouraged to call the Members Hotline at 412-342-4086 Free Admission Day Enjoy free admission to Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) thanks to generous support from Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield. Registration is required for entry. Wednesday, April 2, 2025 — Highmark Bright Blue Futures Free Admission Day sponsored by Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/LegacyPlanning
TITLE: Legacy Planning | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Legacy Planning
The Frick Pittsburgh is an exceptional example of a planned gift at its most generous—Helen Clay Frick left provisions in her will for Clayton, her childhood family home, to be restored and opened to the public along with The Frick Art Museum and the family’s car and carriage collection. That foresight has enabled The Frick Pittsburgh to evolve into the unique museum we have today. You, too, can create a legacy that will help ensure that the Frick continues to serve students and families well into the future. In addition to making a difference in the lives of others, a planned gift can provide tax savings or income benefits for you and your family. There are many ways to make such a gift—simple methods include gifts in your will or living trust, gifts of life insurance, gifts of retirement assets, and more. To make the process of legacy giving easy, The Frick has partnered with FreeWill for our community to create an estate plan for free. FreeWill’s secure online tool empowers you to write a legally valid will or trust in about 20 minutes. As you write your will, FreeWill presents you with the opportunity to make a planned gift to The Frick on your terms. If you have ‘non-probate’ assets like a life insurance policy that you’d like to donate, you can use this FreeWill tool to log all of these assets and name The Frick as a beneficiary. If you have already created a legacy by including a gift in your estate plan, will you please complete this form to let us know? This helps us update our records and thank you for building a legacy to support The Frick’s authentic experiences with art, history, and nature.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/accessibility
TITLE: Accessibility | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Accessibility
Parking
ADA compliant parking is available in our Reynolds Street parking lot both near The Frick Art Museum and the Grable Visitors' Center.
Navigating the Site
Visiting the various museums on site requires moving from building to building throughout our 10-acre campus. (View a site map here .) Tours of Clayton require walking from the Grable Visitor Center to Clayton, where a lift is available for first floor access. Estimated walk times from the Grable Visitor Center to buildings on the Frick site follow:
Wheelchairs and Motorized Scooters
A drop off area for wheelchairs is located along Homewood Avenue, near the Car and Carriage Museum. Wheelchair accessible buildings include The Frick Art Museum, the Café, the Car and Carriage Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the first floor of Clayton. We also welcome personal wheelchairs, walkers, and motorized scooters. Please note that motorized scooters greater than 30" wide cannot navigate the doorways of Clayton. A narrated video tour of Clayton’s second floor is provided for visitors unable to visit the second floor. Wheelchairs are available for visitor use on a first-come, first-served basis at the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum and the Car and Carriage Museum.
Restrooms
Accessible restrooms are available in the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum and the Education Center. Restrooms are not available in Clayton. Private all gender restrooms are located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the Café. Opened in April of 2024, the Frick Art Museum now features an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)-compliant restroom — an all-gender accessible family space intended to better serve Frick visitors of all ages, identities, and abilities
Doors
Power-assist doors can be found at the Frick Art Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Car and Carriage Museum, and the Community Room.
Families
Service Animals
Service animals are permitted in all public areas of the museum. Service animals are trained to perform specific tasks for an individual with a disability as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act. Comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not service animals as defined by the ADA and are not allowed. The ADA guidelines regarding service animals can be accessed here.
Aides
Professional aides accompanying visitors are admitted to Clayton and to ticketed exhibitions at no charge (one aide per guest). To make a reservation for a professional aide, please call us at 412-371-0600 in advance of your visit.
Sign Language
American Sign Language interpreters are available at no charge for tours and programs with advance notice to ensure availability. Requests for an ASL interpreter must be made at least two weeks in advance of the date of the visit by contacting Kelsie Torrenti Paul, Manager of Interpretation and Engagement, at 412-342-4063 or kpaul@thefrickpittsburgh.org .  Payment for the tour or program must be made in advance.
Large Print
Large print labels are available for visitors to special exhibitions.  Labels can be requested at the admissions desk in The Frick Art Museum.
Membership
The Frick offers an ADA Membership for $30 per year for one person and one aide. For a full list of benefits or to join, visit our Membership page here or call the membership office at 412-342-4086 or email us .
The Frick welcomes all visitors and strives to provide the best possible experience for everyone who visits the site. If you have questions about accessibility or navigating the site that are not addressed below please contact us at 412-371-0600 or by email at info@TheFrickPittsburgh.org.
Parking ADA compliant parking is available in our Reynolds Street parking lot both near The Frick Art Museum and the Grable Visitors' Center. Navigating the Site Visiting the various museums on site requires moving from building to building throughout our 10-acre campus. (View a site map here .) Tours of Clayton require walking from the Grable Visitor Center to Clayton, where a lift is available for first floor access. Estimated walk times from the Grable Visitor Center to buildings on the Frick site follow: Grable Visitor Center to The Frick Art Museum: estimated walk time 2 – 4 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Education Center: estimated walk time 1 minute Grable Visitor Center to Car and Carriage Museum: estimated walk time 1 minute Grable Visitor Center to The Café at The Frick:  estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Greenhouse : estimated walk time 1 – 2 minutes Grable Visitor Center to Clayton:  estimated walk time 3 – 5 minutes Wheelchairs and Motorized Scooters A drop off area for wheelchairs is located along Homewood Avenue, near the Car and Carriage Museum. Wheelchair accessible buildings include The Frick Art Museum, the Café, the Car and Carriage Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the first floor of Clayton. We also welcome personal wheelchairs, walkers, and motorized scooters. Please note that motorized scooters greater than 30" wide cannot navigate the doorways of Clayton. A narrated video tour of Clayton’s second floor is provided for visitors unable to visit the second floor. Wheelchairs are available for visitor use on a first-come, first-served basis at the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum and the Car and Carriage Museum. Restrooms Accessible restrooms are available in the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum, the Car and Carriage Museum and the Education Center. Restrooms are not available in Clayton. Private all gender restrooms are located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Education Center, and the Café. Opened in April of 2024, the Frick Art Museum now features an Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)-compliant restroom — an all-gender accessible family space intended to better serve Frick visitors of all ages, identities, and abilities Doors Power-assist doors can be found at the Frick Art Museum, the Grable Visitor Center, the Car and Carriage Museum, and the Community Room. Families The Scott Family Infant Care Room New at the Frick, the Scott Family Infant Care Room was designed as a space for caregivers to tend to their young children during their visit in comfort and privacy. Located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Scott Family Infant Care Room is decorated cheerfully with custom wallpaper designed by local artist Clinton van Gemert, and features a cozy armchair, white noise machine, changing table, and toys for little ones to enjoy. Baby changing stations are located in the Grable Visitor Center, The Frick Art Museum and the Car and Carriage Museum. Strollers are welcome in all buildings on site except Clayton. Service Animals Service animals are permitted in all public areas of the museum. Service animals are trained to perform specific tasks for an individual with a disability as defined by the Americans with Disabilities Act. Comfort animals, therapy animals, companion animals, or emotional support animals are not service animals as defined by the ADA and are not allowed. The ADA guidelines regarding service animals can be accessed here. Aides Professional aides accompanying visitors are admitted to Clayton and to ticketed exhibitions at no charge (one aide per guest). To make a reservation for a professional aide, please call us at 412-371-0600 in advance of your visit. Sign Language American Sign Language interpreters are available at no charge for tours and programs with advance notice to ensure availability. Requests for an ASL interpreter must be made at least two weeks in advance of the date of the visit by contacting Kelsie Torrenti Paul, Manager of Interpretation and Engagement, at 412-342-4063 or kpaul@thefrickpittsburgh.org .  Payment for the tour or program must be made in advance. Large Print Large print labels are available for visitors to special exhibitions.  Labels can be requested at the admissions desk in The Frick Art Museum. Membership The Frick offers an ADA Membership for $30 per year for one person and one aide. For a full list of benefits or to join, visit our Membership page here or call the membership office at 412-342-4086 or email us .



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/boardoftrustees
TITLE: Board of Trustees | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Pittsburgh
Robert M. Hernandez, Chair
Trustees Emeriti
Edward H. Dane, Vice Chair Chief Strategy Officer, Aidentified, LLC Steven M. Pavsner, Vice Chair Attorney, shareholder and former Managing Director of Joseph, Greenwald & Laake, P.A. in Maryland Kelly K. Miller, Treasurer Vice President, General Manager, Life Science Fluidics, IDEX Health & Science Laura N.K. Miller, Secretary Senior Associate Counsel and Vice President of Government Programs and Provider Contracting, UPMC Health Plan Mary Louise Babst Community Volunteer Alice F. Burden Physician Assistant Bernard E. Carter Managing Director of Investments at Hapanowicz & Associates (H&A) Stephen Casey Stephen Casey Architects James P. Cassaro Professor, Emeritus Head, Theodore M. Finney Music Library, University of Pittsburgh Natalie Della Rosa Community Volunteer Margot B. Dermody Artist William Donovan Community Volunteer Kate Freed Nonprofit Management Consultant Bartley P. Griffith, Jr. President, Shady Side Academy Leon E. Haynes, III Founding Director, Hosanna House Barbara Noble Howard Executive Director, Impact Young Lives Foundation Susan Hunter Chairman, Hunter Associates Kirk J. Johnson Managing Director, Merrill Wealth Management Jonathan D. Kessler Executive Vice President and Managing Director, Head of Private Banking, PNC Asset Management Group Carol MacPhail Associate Professor, School of Business, Robert Morris University Whitney S. Morgan Community Volunteer Michael Ruck Tax Office Managing Partner, BDO Pittsburgh Office Robert J. Schuetz President of RS Solutions, LLC Brian Sloan Chief Financial Officer, Sloan Lubrication, Inc. Maureen M. Staley Co-owner, The Picket Fence Dr. Scott Symington Clinical Psychologist Isabel Trafton Community Volunteer Bonnie VanKirk Community Volunteer Britton P. Wean Stewardship Officer, Shady Side Academy David Werner Ophthalmologist (retired) Brian Wongchaowart Senior Software Engineer, Google Trustees Emeriti David A. Brownlee Partner, K&L Gates LLP Charles "Chip" Burke Chairman, The Grable Foundation David Burstin Partner, Burstin, Burstin & Frantz Danforth P. Fales Community Volunteer Thomas J. Gillespie, Jr. President and CEO, The Lockhart Company Carolyn B. Reed Community Volunteer Nancy D. Washington Community Volunteer Betsy H. Watkins Community Volunteer



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/cafe
TITLE: The Cafe at the Frick | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Dine in Pittsburgh's most beautiful setting
The Café at the Frick
Food Menu
STARTERS
BRUNCH
SOUPS & SALADS
LUNCH
AFTERNOON TEA
BAKED GOODS
Drink Menu
COFFEE & TEA
BEVERAGES
Cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds
Crafted Cocktails and Marvelous Mocktails
CRAFTED COCKTAILS
MARVELOUS MOCKTAILS
Don't see your favorite? We can likely make it for you, so please ask!
Frequently Asked Questions
Hours
Enjoy casual dining with a picturesque view of Pittsburgh's best backyard. Sample savory lunch options, daily afternoon teas, curated coffees and cocktails, and more! NEW: Skip the line and order ahead! Online carry out orders are available every day The Café at the Frick is open. Please note that online orders are for carry out only. A table will not be reserved for you if you order online. Order Online Share the joy of a trip to The Café at the Frick with our gift cards! Treat your loved ones or yourself to a delicious meal in our garden getaway. Purchase gift card
STARTERS CHEESE BOARD Three varieties of cheese, honey, berries, crostini CHARCUTERIE BOARD Three selections from Parma sausage, olives, gherkins CELEBRATION BOARD A combination of cheese & charcuterie selections SESAME SEED SEARED AHI TUNA Sticky rice, soy sauce, wasabi SHRIMP COCKTAIL Lemon, cocktail sauce BRUNCH LIEGE BELGIAN WAFFLES With strawberries, house-made clotted cream Bacon available for an extra charge SMOKED SALMON FLATBREAD Chilled smoked salmon, diced egg, red onion, capers, fresh dill, and cream cheese on a toasted flatbread ROASTED VEGETABLE QUICHE Zucchini, scallions, tomato, gouda PANCAKES Raspberry puree, fresh berries, goat cheese, clotted cream DONUT HOLES Cake donuts, choice of: glazed, powdered sugar, cinnamon sugar, hot honey, plain SOUPS & SALADS SCRATCH MADE SOUP CAFÉ CAESAR SALAD Romaine, shaved Parmesan, croutons, classic dressing Add grilled chicken, smoked salmon, chilled shrimp, or sesame seed seared tuna CAFÉ HOUSE SALAD Mixed greens, cucumber, tomato, olives, carrots, pepita, balsamic vinaigrette CRAB CAKE SALAD Jumbo lump crab cake, ruby lettuce, shaved parmesan, lemon vinaigrette, Old Bay aioli BEET SALAD Arugula, goat cheese, candied pecans, mandarin oranges, citrus dressing LUNCH FLATBREADS Choose from one of the following*: Shredded mozzarella Pepperoni and mozzarella Red pepper hummus, spinach, hot honey Chicken, bacon, BBQ, monterey jack, onion *Gluten-free crust available for additional charge SANDWICHES All sandwiches come with chips and a pickle spear TURKEY & SWISS Roasted turkey breast, Dijon mustard, arugula, pretzel bun GRILLED CHICKEN SHAWARMA STYLE Grilled chicken breast, shawarma sauce, tomato, carrots, ruby lettuce, whole grain roll ROAST BEEF & MONTEREY JACK Caramelized onions, crimini mushrooms, spinach, French style hoagie bun VEGETABLE WRAP Romaine, red pepper hummus, tomato, carrots, cucumber, arugula AFTERNOON TEA Choice of two finger sandwiches, choice of scone, house-made clotted cream, jam, sweets, and your choice of loose-leaf tea BAKED GOODS A selection of baked goods from Mediterra Bakehouse , Glen's Custard , Jak's Bakery , and others. Vegan options available. Please inform your server of any food allergies and/or dietary restrictions. Consuming raw or undercooked meats, poultry, seafood, shellfish, or eggs may increase your risk of foodborne illness, especially if you have a medical condition.
COFFEE & TEA LA PRIMA Espresso, cappucino/latte, cold brew, drip HARNEY & SONS LOOSE-LEAF TEA Black Tea Apricot, Chai, Chocolate Mint, English Breakfast, Helen's Earl Grey (Regular/Decaf), Frick (Assam, Keeman, Ceylon, Oolong), Paris, Rose, Russian Country Herbal & Green Chamomile, French Super Blue Lavender, Ginger Licorice, Peppermint, Raspberry, Tokyo BEVERAGES NON-ALCOHOLIC Iced Tea Brazilian Lemonade Lemonade Arnold Palmer Soda Bottled Water FRICK HOUSE WINES Pinot Grigio Chardonnay Bubbles Pinot Noir Cabernet Sauvignon BEER Stella Artois Bell's 2 Hearted East End Big Hop Seasonal COCKTAILS Frick 75 Bellini Mimosa Spiked Brazilian Lemonade Bailey's & Mint Hot Chocolate Cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds
CRAFTED COCKTAILS RED CAP SANGRIA Red wine sangria with cherry liqueur, lemon, oranges, cucumber, bitters THE YOUNG ARTIST Scotch, amaretto, bitters SHIELD BEARER Whiskey, lavender syrup, lemon juice BAROQUE Grapefruit vodka, fresh basil, hot honey, lime juice, soda water GARDEN MOJITO White rum, cucumber, jalapeño, mint, lime LADY JULIA Espresso, vodka, crème de cacao, cherry liqueur SYMPHONY IN GREY & GREEN Pernod, lavender & earl grey simple syrup, gin, fresh squeezed orange, bitters MARVELOUS MOCKTAILS THE POND Pineapple juice, basil, lime juice, soda water THE NOBLE WOMAN Strawberry syrup, basil, soda water THE PLAYHOUSE GARDEN Mint, cucumber, lime, simple syrup, soda water Cocktails and wine available for dine in or carry out on our grounds Don't see your favorite? We can likely make it for you, so please ask!
We’ve received a lot of inquiries about the current business model and future of the Café. We thank you for your continued support and hope to answer some of your questions below. Why did you change the Café? Wasn’t it already perfect? The atmosphere is magical, and we are committed to keeping it so. But certain aspects of the Café’s pre-COVID business model didn't serve all of our visitors as well as they should. The adjustments we've made address some specific challenges: In the past, the Café served a small number of people very well, but the great majority of our visitors not at all. During our busiest months, from April to December, the Café was been fully booked at lunchtime days in advance. We routinely turned away two, three, and even four times as many people as we could seat. Without an opportunity for rest and refreshment, many visitors left the Frick before they could experience all we have to offer. By expanding our open hours, we hope to increase the number of visitors we can serve. From quick-and-easy delights to special-occasion indulgences, we are aiming to meet the needs of as many of our visitors as possible.
Tuesday–Sunday 9:30 AM–3 PM Reservations not accepted The Café is wheelchair-accessible and has single-stall all-gender restrooms. We're hiring! Learn more here .



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/calendar
TITLE: Calendar of Events | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Exhibitions on View
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
Pittsburgh Builds Bridges
Permanent Collection
Chinese Porcelains from the Collection
From Carriages to Cars
Duquesne SoundWalk at the Frick
Today at the Frick



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/carandcarriagemuseum
TITLE: Car and Carriage Museum | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Car and Carriage Museum
At the turn of the 20th century, the development of the automobile profoundly changed American life. In the Car and Carriage Museum, visitors can travel back to the time of horse-drawn carriages, see some of the first horseless carriages to have an impact on Pittsburgh, and learn about Pittsburgh’s role in the developing automobile industry. The Car and Carriage Museum houses the Frick's collection of historic carriages and automobiles dating back to the turn of the 20th century. The museum also hosts temporary exhibitions. Enhance your visit with a free guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum. Tours are held at 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. on Wednesdays and Saturdays.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/employment
TITLE: Employment | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Join Our Creative Team
Join a talented team of employees who daily draw inspiration from the Frick’s world-class art exhibitions, rich, local history and beautiful grounds and gardens. If you’d like to find your passion and are ready to take that next step, apply for one of the opportunities listed below.
How to Apply
Please send a cover letter and resume by applying directly through JazzHR. Apply Today Need technical or accessibility assistance with the application process? Applicants with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact our human resources team for assistance at HR@TheFrickPittsburgh.org The Frick Pittsburgh embraces diversity as a proposition that is central to the organization’s mission. In building and serving diverse audiences, the Frick affirms and supports diversity of persons and ideas both within the organization and the communities it serves.
Available Openings
Frick Facilities Housekeeping Team Member (Full-time)
The Frick Pittsburgh is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to fostering a workplace culture of accessibility, inclusion, diversity, and racial equality and urges all qualified diverse applicants to apply.
Café Service Staff (Part-time)
Frick Employees Enjoy
Join a talented team of employees who daily draw inspiration from the Frick’s world-class art exhibitions, rich, local history and beautiful grounds and gardens. If you’d like to find your passion and are ready to take that next step, apply for one of the opportunities listed below. How to Apply Please send a cover letter and resume by applying directly through JazzHR. Apply Today Need technical or accessibility assistance with the application process? Applicants with a disability who require a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact our human resources team for assistance at HR@TheFrickPittsburgh.org The Frick Pittsburgh embraces diversity as a proposition that is central to the organization’s mission. In building and serving diverse audiences, the Frick affirms and supports diversity of persons and ideas both within the organization and the communities it serves.
Summary: Responsible for maintaining an environment within our museum facilities that requires a high standard of cleanliness and hygiene by using best cleaning practices throughout the site. Must have a commitment to fostering a workplace culture of Equity and Inclusion. Reports to: Housekeeping Manager Hours: 35 hours per week that requires weekend and evenings hours. This means that a flexible schedule is necessary. Status: Full-time, non-exempt, full benefits package Hourly Rate: $16.50/hour Responsibilities: Housekeeping Janitorial duties: 65% • Ensuring that Clayton, Haller House, the Playhouse, Lexington, The Frick Art Museum and the Orientation and Education Centers are always kept in a clean and presentable state • Implement additional cleaning duties per Frick policy/procedures to ensure a safe, hygienic environment for visitors and staff • Specific duties include, vacuuming, washing, and scrubbing floors and walls, dry and wet mopping, dusting, emptying trash containers, cleaning, and restocking all restrooms Facilities Management: 35% • Assisting with event and meeting  set-ups and take-downs (tables, chairs, etc.) • Notifying the Curatorial Affairs Department of any changes in the condition of any art objects and artifacts • Assisting with any office moves which could include building furniture, moving filing cabinets, desks, etc. • Respond to leaks, spills, or accidents as necessary to protect historical facilities and/or prevent hazardous situations • Other duties as requested and assigned  by management Qualifications: Experience in the custodial field is a big plus • Ability to physically perform heavy cleaning and scrubbing with the ability to reach all areas • Flexibility with the schedule, weekend and evening hours may be required • High degree of trustworthiness and the clearance of a criminal background check • Ability to deal with staff and visitors in a friendly and engaging manner • Self-motivated and proactive • Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. The Frick Pittsburgh is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to fostering a workplace culture of accessibility, inclusion, diversity, and racial equality and urges all qualified diverse applicants to apply.
Summary: Through excellent customer service, provide visitors to The Café at the Frick with an excellent dining experience.  Become familiar with and perform all aspects of the front side of the Café; this includes: cashier, host, server, busser, sales, stocking, opening/closing, and cleaning.  Some additional back of house duties also required.  The Café Service Staff will foster positive internal and external relationships, bring energy, enthusiasm to the café and work in a collaborative environment in order to maintain and grow the reputation of the Café. The Café Service Staff will be joining the Frick during an exciting period of renewal and change, as the museum seeks to become an actively anti-racist organization that can serve as a vital resource for our entire community. Must have a commitment to fostering a workplace culture of Equity and Inclusion. Reports to: Café Manager Hours: Tuesday through Friday, daylight, no set schedule. Some weekend and evening hours. Status: Part-time, hourly Hourly Rate: $14.33, plus shared tips Responsibilities: Become familiar with daily features, lunch and dessert items Assist with food preparation Have a working knowledge of the current menu and be able to explain all menu items to guests Service tables in a professional efficient and friendly manner Welcome guests, answer questions and direct guests to counter to order Working knowledge of POS systems, ability to process payments and handle cash Opening and closing sidework Assist with dishwashing Cleaning - clean kitchen and front of house Keep beverage areas stocked and organized Service bar duties Stock supplies and inform the Café Manager if low on any items Work with the Café Manager to handle any problems arising with visitors to ensure customer satisfaction Treat visitors and colleagues with respect and courtesy at all times Other duties, as requested by management Qualifications: Commitment to fostering a workplace culture of inclusion and belonging, anti-racist values and education practices Possess an enthusiastic, professional and positive attitude Serving experience preferred Flexibility in working a varied schedule Excellent interpersonal skills Clearance of a criminal background check Become RAMP and servsafe certified if not already (paid by Frick) The Frick Pittsburgh is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to fostering a workplace culture of accessibility, inclusion, diversity, and racial equality and urges all qualified diverse applicants to apply.
Competitive salary and benefits Open and collaborative environment Discounts in both The Museum Store and The Café at the Frick Free on-site parking Employee Assistance Program Free museum privileges and guest passes to share with family and friends Regularly scheduled employee appreciation events, and much more



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/exhibitions
TITLE: Exhibitions | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Pittsburgh Museums and Gardens
Exhibitions
The Frick offers an exciting schedule of special exhibitions featuring art and artists from the Renaissance to the present.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/familyandlegacy
TITLE: Family and Legacy | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Family
Helen Clay Frick
(1888-1984) The Frick Pittsburgh is Helen Clay Frick’s legacy to her hometown. As benefactress, she gave us all a place to experience art, history and nature. It was her vision that the Frick would be a place that encourages and develops the study of fine arts, and of advancing the knowledge of kindred subjects through the exploration of social history of the nineteenth century and choice exhibitions of fine and decorative art. Helen grew up at Clayton as the third child of Henry Clay Frick and his wife, Adelaide Howard Childs. She retained a fondness for her childhood home throughout her life. The family’s move to New York City in 1905 was not an entirely happy change for Helen. She loved Pittsburgh and considered it to be her home. In fact, much of her personal philanthropy was focused on southwestern Pennsylvania. This included the establishment of the Westmoreland-Fayette Historical Society, to preserve the West Overton homestead where her father was born; the founding of the Henry Clay Frick Fine Arts Department at the University of Pittsburgh; the construction of The Frick Art Museum; and the restoration of Clayton. She was strongly influenced by her father’s interest in art collecting, and, from an early age, she took an active interest in his collection. As a young woman Helen Clay Frick began assembling her own art collection, increasing her acquisitions in the 1960s in preparation for the opening of The Frick Art Museum in 1970. Perhaps her greatest achievement, was the development of the Frick Art Reference Library in New York, which she began in the 1920s as a research library and photo archive dedicated to the study of western art. Helen Clay Frick oversaw the operations of the library until the year before her death, and it continues to be one of the top research institutions in the country. Although Helen Clay Frick never married, she delighted in the company of her nieces and nephews and often hosted family and friends at her farm in Bedford, New York, as well as at her homes Eagle Rock at Prides Crossing, Massachusetts, and Clayton.
Henry Clay Frick
(1849-1919) Henry Clay Frick’s story began in West Overton, Pennsylvania, a rural village settled by Mennonites 40 miles southeast of Pittsburgh. His grandfather, Abraham Overholt, owned the Overholt Distillery and was a leading figure in the village. Henry’s rise to prominence and prosperity began close to home, when as a young man, he realized the potential of local bituminous coal. At the age of 21, he borrowed money and formed a partnership, Frick & Co, with two cousins and a friend. The newly formed business used beehive ovens to turn coal into coke, a fuel in great demand by the growing steel industry in Pittsburgh. Frick prospered at a time when heavy industries and private fortunes were growing to unprecedented sizes. By the late 1870s, Frick bought out his partners. The company, now known as H.C. Frick and Company, had nearly 1,000 employees, and Frick was a millionaire by the time he was 30. Eleven years later he met  Adelaide Howard Childs (1859-1931), and they were married December 15, 1881. While staying in New York City on their wedding trip, the Fricks were guests at a luncheon hosted by Andrew Carnegie. It was then that the partnership between H.C. Frick and Company and Carnegie Steel was officially announced. The union of the two men cemented their dominance over the Pittsburgh steel industry, and led to the eventual formation of United States Steel. In 1892, a labor dispute between Homestead Steel—the nation’s largest producer of steel, owned by Frick and Carnegie—and the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers—its largest craft union—escalated into a major, violent event. That summer, with Carnegie out of the country and the dispute still unresolved, Frick closed the mill, locking out 3,800 workers and intending to replace them with non-union employees. The union workers then seized the mill. Frick, in return, arranged for 300 armed Pinkerton detectives to travel by boat down the Ohio River, enter the mill on the river side and reclaim the building. Almost as soon as the detectives arrived, fighting began between both sides, resulting in loss of life for both steelworkers and Pinkerton detectives. It lasted for 12 hours, and eventually the Pennsylvania National Guard was ordered by the governor to intercede. The mill was secured and Homestead was placed under martial law. Henry Clay Frick showed an early interest in collecting paintings and drawings. In 1871, he applied for a loan of $10,000 from the bank of T. Mellon & Sons. The agent from the bank who was sent to investigate Frick’s reliability commented that Frick “may be a little too enthusiastic about pictures, but not enough to hurt.” By 1881 Frick had the resources to begin forming an art collection. His first recorded purchase of a painting was in February of that year. Frick chose a wooded landscape by local artist George Hetzel, who was a member of the Scalp Level School—a group of regional painters who traveled to the countryside to sketch and paint in the manner of the French Barbizon School. Not long after that, Frick purchased other works, including At the Louvre (Une Révélation) by Spanish artist Luis Jiménez y Aranda, a humorous, anecdotal painting of a young woman and her chaperone confronting a classical statue in the Louvre. Around 1885, after the Frick family was well-settled in Clayton, Frick began collecting in earnest. Much of this early purchasing focuses on French landscape painters of the Barbizon School, including Dessous de Bois (The Forest Floor) by Théodore Rousseau, which hangs in the parlor in Clayton. The art collection at Clayton generally reflects taste typical of the industrialist-collectors of Gilded Age America, with most works by European artists of the nineteenth century, contemporary to Frick, or from an older generation. His first Old Master purchase has been identified as Still Life with Fruit by Dutch eighteenth-century artist Jan van Os, which now hangs in The Frick Art Museum, alongside other eighteenth-century works collected by both Frick and his daughter, Helen Clay Frick. Helen took her father’s stated mission of “encouraging and developing the study of the fine arts and of advancing the general knowledge of kindred subjects” to heart, and her own purchases form the core of the collection displayed at The Frick Art Museum, which has particularly outstanding examples of early Renaissance Sienese painting and eighteenth-century French painting, furniture and decorative arts.
Childs Frick
Adelaide Howard Childs Frick
The Frick Pittsburgh is the legacy of Helen Clay Frick, daughter of industrialist Henry Clay Frick and his wife Adelaide Howard Childs Frick. The family lived at Clayton from 1883 to 1905.
(1883-1965) The eldest of the Frick family’s four children, the family moved into their Point Breeze home (later called Clayton) shortly before his birth in March 1883. Childs demonstrated an early interest in natural science—identifying, catching, and tagging animals such as rabbits and raccoons, examining rocks with his geology kit, and studying taxidermy. He also experimented with photography. After attending Princeton University, Childs began the first of many expeditions to Africa and the American West to collect animal specimens and fossils for study, many of which were donated to the Carnegie Museum in Pittsburgh. In 1913 Childs married Frances Dixon and they eventually settled in Roslyn, Long Island. As a gift for his son and daughter-in-law, Henry Clay Frick purchased the former estate of William Cullen Bryant and renovated a Georgian mansion on the property for the young couple. Childs and Frances renamed the house Clayton and made it their home for almost 50 years. They raised four children–Adelaide, Frances, Martha, and Clay. The home is now the Nassau County Museum of Art. After the family’s interests and investments transferred to New York, much of Childs’ research and collecting efforts were done in conjunction with the American Museum of Natural History, where he established the Frick Laboratory of Vertebrate Paleontology. He also was named honorary curator of Late Tertiary and Quaternary Mammals, and served as a trustee from 1921 until his death. During that time, he also served as president of the board of trustees of The Frick Collection, New York.
(1859-1931) Adelaide Howard Childs was born in Pittsburgh on December 16, 1859, to Asa P. Childs and his second wife Martha Howard Childs. (She had five siblings from her father’s first marriage.) The Childs family was well established in Pittsburgh as manufacturers and importers of boots and shoes. Adelaide Childs met Henry Clay Frick in the spring of 1881, and they were married December 15 of that year. After her husband’s death in 1919, Adelaide divided her time between their New York home (now The Frick Collection), their summer home Eagle Rock, and their Pittsburgh home, Clayton. Upon her death, October 4, 1931, her daughter Helen inherited the Pittsburgh home and the summer home and its contents.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/groupvisits
TITLE: Group Visits | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Group Visits
Make your next group outing special at the Frick. Our customized tour packages ensure that your group gets the most out of their Frick experience.
Group Tours
We offer a variety of group tours and experiences. Please contact us to customize your package and for special group rates. Group tour requests must be made at least six weeks in advance. Email us now
If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival.
Group Tours of Clayton
All large groups are divided into subgroups of 8 to 10, which depart at 10-minute intervals to begin the tour. When groups are not touring Clayton, they may visit The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, Grable Visitor Center, Greenhouse, or Museum Store. Available for groups of 11 to 30, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $20 per person
Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org
Group Tours of the Frick Art Museum
Group tours of the Frick Art Museum are not currently available. For inquiries about group tours of the upcoming exhibition Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) , please email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org .
Group Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum
Guided tours of the Car and Carriage Museum explore America's transition from carriage to car through the Frick Pittsburgh's collection of 19th-century carriages and early automobiles. Groups of ten or more people interested in a guided tour of the museum are encouraged to reserve a private group tour.
Available for groups of 10 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $7 per person
Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org .
Questions
When should I make my reservation? Where may we park our bus? How much time should we allow for touring...
Review Group Tour FAQs
We offer a variety of group tours and experiences. Please contact us to customize your package and for special group rates. Group tour requests must be made at least six weeks in advance. Email us now If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Adult Group Guidelines View Student Group Guidelines
All large groups are divided into subgroups of 8 to 10, which depart at 10-minute intervals to begin the tour. When groups are not touring Clayton, they may visit The Frick Art Museum, Car and Carriage Museum, Grable Visitor Center, Greenhouse, or Museum Store. Available for groups of 11 to 30, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $20 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org
Guided tours of the Car and Carriage Museum explore America's transition from carriage to car through the Frick Pittsburgh's collection of 19th-century carriages and early automobiles. Groups of ten or more people interested in a guided tour of the museum are encouraged to reserve a private group tour. Available for groups of 10 to 20, Tuesday through Friday. COST: $7 per person Payment in full is required one month before your visit. Reservations required. Contact 412-342-4087 or email education@thefrickpittsburgh.org .
When should I make my reservation? Where may we park our bus? How much time should we allow for touring... Review Group Tour FAQs



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/historichome
TITLE: Historic Home and Gardens | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Historic Home and Gardens
Clayton
A triumph of restoration
Clayton Restoration
Greenhouse and Gardens
A Family Estate
The Frick Pittsburgh is the legacy of Helen Clay Frick, daughter of industrialist Henry Clay Frick and his wife, Adelaide Howard Childs Frick. The family lived at Clayton from 1883 to 1905.
The home of the Henry Clay Frick family from 1882–1905, this meticulously restored 22-room mansion features an impressive array of fine and decorative art objects purchased by the Fricks. Docent-led tours of the home provide an inside view of daily life at the turn of the 20th century and a better understanding of Pittsburgh during the Gilded Age. “Clayton is a triumph of restoration,” wrote Susan Mary Alsop in Architectural Digest. It is also a triumph of preservation. When the Frick family moved to New York in 1905, after living at Clayton for 22 years, they left much of their Pittsburgh life behind. An astonishing 93% of the artifacts in the house are original, making Clayton a home more than a house, and an eloquent evocation of the lives of the family who lived there. Clayton has welcomed hundreds of thousands of visitors since it was opened to the public in 1990 after a four-year restoration. Henry Clay Frick and his wife, Adelaide Howard Childs, purchased Clayton in August 1882 for $25,000. At the time, the house was considerably smaller, an 11-room, Italianate-style building on a 1.43-acre parcel of land. The home, which fronted Penn Avenue in the residential neighborhood of Point Breeze, was located just a half-hour by train from Mr. Frick’s downtown office. The couple moved into Clayton early in 1883, and soon had the first of their four children. Clayton is unmistakably a family home. A high chair sits in the breakfast room, children’s toys and books are in the nursery and library, and a sink and clothes rack built to a child’s scale are nestled in an alcove outside the kitchen. By 1891, the family and the Fricks’ social stature both had outgrown the home as it was, and architect Frederick J. Osterling was hired to transform Clayton into the 23-room chateau-style mansion seen today.
The restoration of Clayton began soon after Helen Clay Frick’s death in November 1984. The home’s historic significance was assessed in terms of its importance as an example of domestic architecture of the period, its furnishings, and its status as one of the few intact homes from Pittsburgh’s lost “Millionaire’s Row.” Since the home had been the family’s primary residence from 1883-1905, this time period was selected for the restoration and the basis for historic interpretation. With an established budget of $6 million, the staff began to assemble a team of structural engineers, architects, architectural historians and history and decorative arts experts to undertake the project. The Office of Thierry W. Despont developed the initial planning document and was the supervising architectural firm. Urban Design Associates of Pittsburgh and Peters Building Co. were the local supervising architects and general contractor, respectively. There were numerous specialty subcontractors, most of whom were local to Pittsburgh, who did the roofing, painting, plastering, and restoration of stone and wood details. Decorative arts consultants from the Preservation Society of Newport and Winterthur examined the interiors and furnishings of Clayton. Their efforts were supported by documentary photographs and invoices, public documentation, and records from vendors who had worked on Clayton through the years, all of which were used to create an interior furnishing plan. The physical work was begun in February 1989 and completed in October of the same year.
The path that winds through the Frick’s 10-acre site is lined with lush gardens and a diverse selection of trees. Our active greenhouse is a renovation and partial reconstruction of one that served the Frick family from 1897 through the 1970s. The original greenhouse, designed by architects Alden & Harlow, was used to grow flowers and tropical plants for Clayton year-round, as well as annuals from seed for outdoor beds, vegetables, and mushrooms. In the late 19th century, greenhouses and conservatories were common additions to the homes or estates of wealthy families. The Fricks’ greenhouse supplied them with year-round fresh flowers and seedlings for their gardens. The Frick family built their first greenhouse between August 1882 and June 1883. In 1897, the Fricks replaced their original greenhouse with one built by Alden & Harlow, an architecture firm based in Pittsburgh and Boston, and the firm employed by Andrew Carnegie to design Pittsburgh’s Carnegie Library and Museum complex. The greenhouse that exists today was rebuilt based on the 1897 Alden & Harlow structure. Through the Frick’s partnership with Grow Pittsburgh, a community group that promotes sustainable agriculture, a wide variety of vegetable and flowers are grown. Many are used to prepare foods in the Café.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/leadership
TITLE: Leadership | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Leadership
Amanda Dunyak Gillen, Interim Executive Director
Barry Adams, Director of Human Resources
Dawn Reid Brean, Chief Curator & Director of Collections
Kelsie Paul, Interim Director of Learning and Visitor Experience
Kristin Garbarino, Director of Marketing & Communications
Lisa Gehring, Director of Finance
Robert W. Henninger, Director of Operations
Mark Springer, Director of Safety and Security
Suzanne Wray, Director of Advancement & Engagement
Contact List
Amanda has served the museum for more than 20 years, holding various roles spanning the Curatorial and Education departments before becoming head of the Learning department in 2013. In addition to overseeing all adult, student and family programs related to the museum’s diverse collection, Amanda has been responsible for initiatives under the Frick’s Strategic Plan and supported the recent award-winning reinterpretation project at Clayton. In prior years, she was part of the design team for the Frick’s $15 million dollar expansion that resulted in the creation of a new Visitor Center, a renovated Car & Carriage Museum, collections storage, and a new Education Center with facilities to support programming for learners of all ages and needs. Amanda earned a B.A. in History from Allegheny College, where she also received a certificate in Elementary Education, and an M.A. in Public History from Duquesne University.
Barry Adams joined the Frick in June of 2019 as Manager of Human Resources and was made Director in April 2021. He earned his B.S. in Human Resources from Point Park University and has over 25 years of HR experience. Most recently, he retired from the Allegheny County Port Authority where he was Chief Human Resources Officer. His work history includes Westinghouse Electric Corp., Equitable Resources (now EQT), and Schwan’s Home Service.
Dawn joined the Frick as Associate Curator of Decorative Arts in 2015. In her current role, she oversees the care, exhibition, and interpretation of the Frick’s permanent collection and temporary exhibitions. She has played an instrumental role in continuing the Frick’s programming with contemporary artists, including an artist-in-residency with celebrated citizen-artist Vanessa German. A graduate of the College of William and Mary, Dawn earned her M.A. in Museum Studies from the Cooperstown Graduate Program.
Kelsie has more than a decade of museum experience in education and interpretation, sharing her passion for history and the arts with visitors at the Frick since 2017. She currently serves as the Interim Director of Learning and Visitor Experience, overseeing learning department initiatives and supporting the work of a talented staff of educators and guides. In her previous role as Manager of Interpretation and Engagement, Kelsie managed the development and implementation of the Frick’s award-winning new Clayton tour, Gilded Not Golden. She is a graduate of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign with a degree in History and she earned her Master’s degree in Museum Studies from The George Washington University. Prior to moving to Pittsburgh, Kelsie began her museum career at two presidential sites, President Lincoln’s Cottage and George Washington’s Mount Vernon.
As Director of Marketing and Communications since November 2022, Kristin brings fresh, strategic thinking to bear on all aspects of the museum’s marketing and communications, ensuring that the Frick’s website, social media accounts, print materials, advertisements, and campus wayfinding reflect its inclusive goals. Kristin comes to the Frick from Carnegie Mellon University, where she has served since 2018, most recently, as Associate Marketing Director at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to joining the Tepper School of Business, she served as the Director of Digital Marketing & Engagement at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust.
Lisa Gehring joined the Frick staff in October 2019 as Director of Finance. In this role, she oversees the museum’s $5M operating budget and manages various aspects of the $70M endowment. Lisa brings over 15 years of not-for-profit accounting experience, most recently as the Senior Director of Finance at Manchester Bidwell Corporation. She is a licensed CPA, with a B.S. in Accounting from Grove City College.
Rob joined the Frick as Director of Operations in October 2022 and manages the museum's maintenance, grounds, and housekeeping teams. Additionally, Rob guides all capital projects across our historic 10-acre, 10-building site. He came to the Frick from Kennywood Park, the National Historic Landmark traditional amusement park founded in 1898, where he has served for 32 years, most recently as Assistant General Manager and Director of Maintenance and Construction. With broad-ranging experience in mentoring effective teams, managing multi-million-dollar capital projects and improvements, and implementing safety initiatives, Rob pairs operations expertise with deep commitment to diplomatic, quality visitor service.
Mark joined the Frick in March 2025, bringing a strong foundation in both security management and law enforcement. He most recently served as Director of Business Development for Am-Gard and has also worked with GardaWorld Security Services and Black Knight Security. He is well-versed in policy and procedure and brings a strong sense of leadership and collaboration to the role.
Suzanne joined the Frick as the Director of Advancement & Engagement in March of 2024. With a distinguished career spanning various cultural and educational institutions, Suzanne returns to her Pittsburgh roots from eastern Pennsylvania and New Jersey, where she made significant contributions to organizations such as the New Jersey State Aquarium, Free Library of Philadelphia, and the Philadelphia Orchestra. Most recently, she served as the Director of Development at the Princeton Symphony Orchestra, where she spearheaded successful fundraising campaigns and played a pivotal role in establishing the organization's Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) task force. Suzanne began her career in Pittsburgh, serving in development roles at the Pittsburgh Opera and the Bach Choir of Pittsburgh. She holds a Bachelor’s degree in Music Performance and Music Education, as well as a Master of Arts Management degree, all from Carnegie Mellon University.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/learn
TITLE: Learning | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Learning at the Frick
We believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. Take a guided tour of Clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. We welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the Frick.
Looking to schedule a field trip? January and February offer more flexibility in available dates. Consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. Learn more and schedule today!
For Educators
Our hands-on learning programs for students K-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts.  Frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives.
If you're interested in bringing your students to The Frick, our 2024-2025 School Programs Booklet is the best place to start the planning process. The booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. By popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! Download your free copy below.
If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival.
School Programs
The Frick Pittsburgh is committed to offering engaging, thoughtful student programs both online and on-site in our three museums. Our programs explore the interdisciplinary nature of the Frick—from fine art in The Frick Art Museum, to life in the gilded age in Clayton, to the history of transportation in our Car and Carriage Museum. Learn More
Teacher Professional Development
At the Frick we not only welcome students, but teachers too!  Throughout the year we offer teacher workshops that focus on a wide variety of art, history, and other educational topics through multidisciplinary, standards-based workshops.  These programs offer Act 48 activity hours while providing teachers with fresh and practical classroom-ready suggestions. View Programs
Learning Resources
Family Programs
The Frick Pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family.  We offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. Our learning activities are for children of all ages. View Calendar
Workshops
Nurture your creativity at The Frick! Young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with The Frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. Each session is inspired by The Frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop.
Adult Programs
Throughout the year, the Frick Pittsburgh presents a wide variety of thoughtful, enlightening, and enjoyable programs for adults. From exhibition lectures and special events to classes and workshops, Frick programming offers numerous opportunities for adults to connect with our collections, exhibitions and each other. View Calendar
Outreach
We offer a variety of outreach programs for adults through local libraries, senior centers and community centers, and we also regularly host activity tables at community events throughout the city. Learn More
We believe that every visit is an opportunity to learn, to be inspired and to be delighted by art, history and nature, and we offer many different opportunities to learn in ways that mean the most to you. Take a guided tour of Clayton or explore the current exhibition on your own, join us for a workshop or a lunchtime lecture, or simply walk the grounds and feel refreshed. We welcome you to visit and discover all that you can learn at the Frick. Looking to schedule a field trip? January and February offer more flexibility in available dates. Consider scheduling a program during this time to save $2 per student. Learn more and schedule today!
Our hands-on learning programs for students K-12 are teacher friendly, address academic standards and use art, history, and nature to understand different times and contexts.  Frick programs address cross curricular standards, integrating writing, art, science and even economics to broaden student perspectives. If you're interested in bringing your students to The Frick, our 2024-2025 School Programs Booklet is the best place to start the planning process. The booklet contains all of the information you need to plan an exciting, engaging field trip for your students, including program descriptions by grade level, lunch information, and tips for booking. By popular demand, we have also added an a la carte option that allows you to customize your own field trip experience! Download your free copy below. School Program Booklet If you plan to visit the Frick as a self-guided student group, please review our museum guidelines for self-guided groups ahead of your arrival. View Guidelines
We offer a variety of multi-disciplinary resources designed to support educators at every grade level, regardless of whether they are teaching remotely or in the classroom. View Resources
The Frick Pittsburgh is a wonderful place to spend time with your family.  We offer programs throughout the year that give families the opportunity to engage together in hands-on learning through museum visits, art making, and outdoor activities on our grounds. Our learning activities are for children of all ages. View Calendar Workshops Nurture your creativity at The Frick! Young artists ages 11-14 will cultivate their imaginations with The Frick's teaching artists during monthly hands-on workshops. Each session is inspired by The Frick's museums or grounds, and includes a short tour experience followed by a guided art workshop. View Calendar



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/mediainquiries
TITLE: Media Inquiries | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Media Room
Welcome to the Media Room of The Frick Pittsburgh’s website. Here, you can access recent news and press releases related to the museum’s current and upcoming exhibitions, collections, programs and other major news.
Contact Us
Current Press Releases
Join Our Media List
This area of the Frick’s website is reserved for the use of media professionals. If you are an editor or journalist who wishes to receive press releases as soon as they are issued, please supply all of the information requested below.
For all media inquiries, contact:
Kristin Garbarino Director of Marketing & Communications
Phone: 412-342-4075 Media@TheFrickPittsburgh.org
Welcome to the Media Room of The Frick Pittsburgh’s website. Here, you can access recent news and press releases related to the museum’s current and upcoming exhibitions, collections, programs and other major news. Contact Us
General Press Releases Exhibition-Related
Kristin Garbarino Director of Marketing & Communications Phone: 412-342-4075 Media@TheFrickPittsburgh.org



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/membership
TITLE: Membership | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Membership
You can make a difference. The Frick depends on our members and donors to help us continue to offer vibrant cultural programming to our region. Thanks to you, we can continue to be a place where audiences of all ages can discover the art, history, and nature that make the Frick such a special place. Members are provided with enhanced opportunities to enjoy all that the Frick has to offer through free admission, discounts, events, and much more. And now, you are able to make a virtual visit to the Frick at any time through our online experiences and activities . Questions about Membership? Having trouble reserving a ticket on our website? Please call the MEMBERS HOTLINE at 412-342-4086. THANK YOU FOR BEING A MEMBER! Join Frequently Asked Questions



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/mission
TITLE: Mission | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Our Mission, Vision, & Values
The what, why, and how of the Frick.
Our Mission
Our Vision
Our Values
Our organization's statement of purpose Furthering the vision of Helen Clay Frick, we share authentic experiences with art, history and nature that inspire and delight.
What we aspire to achieve Our experiences of discovery, inspiration and learning will be essential to people’s lives and to the cultural fabric of our region.
The core principles that guide our actions Curiosity Authenticity Empathy Service



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/photography-policy
TITLE: Photography Policy | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Photography Policy
Still photography without flash for private, non-commercial use by means of phones, hand-held cameras and tablet devices, is permitted only in the permanent collection galleries of The Frick Art Museum and Car and Carriage Museum, provided 18” distance is maintained from any art or artifacts. Personal photography is also permitted at the Greenhouse, and on the grounds of The Frick Pittsburgh. Photography is prohibited inside the historic mansion, Clayton, and is not allowed in specified special exhibition galleries at The Frick Art Museum. Selfie sticks are permitted outside on the grounds, but not indoors. Videography and use of a tripod or other camera equipment is not permitted at any time. Photographs cannot be published, sold, reproduced, or otherwise commercially exploited in any manner whatsoever. The Frick Pittsburgh is not responsible for any uses of visitor photography that infringe upon third-party copyrights or other rights. Visitors taking photos are asked to please be courteous to other museum visitors by not blocking their view or impeding their movement.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/plan-your-visit
TITLE: Plan Your Visit | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Plan Your Visit
Ready to explore?
At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature. To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out! For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available.
At The Frick Pittsburgh, get ready to experience art, history, and nature. To ensure you enjoy as much as possible during your visit, check our calendar for all offerings and get your tickets in advance. Clayton tours are limited and do sell out! For the best experience, begin your visit at Grable Visitor Center. A Museum Experience Associate will orient you to our campus and help you purchase day-of tickets, if available. Tickets



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/pressreleases
TITLE: Press Releases | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Press Releases
New Press Releases
February 5, 2025 The Frick Pittsburgh to Host Series of Public Programs Alongside Contemporary Art Exhibition Kara Walker: Harper’s Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated)
2019 to Present
January 3, 2025 Family-Friendly Winterfest Continues in 2025 at The Frick Pittsburgh
November 14, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Amanda Dunyak Gillen, the museum's Director of Learning & Visitor Experience, as Interim Executive Director
August 29, 2024 New Artist Educator-in-Residence Khadijat Yussuff Joins The Frick Pittsburgh to Engage Treasured Ornament Visitors
August 1, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Receives 2024 Grant from The Richard King Mellon Foundation July 25, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh to Host Series of Public Programs Alongside Islamic Art Exhibition June 26, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Wins National Award for New Historic Home Tour May 21, 2024 Announcing The Frick Fetê: An Unforgettable Celebration of a Once-in-a-Lifetime Exhibition April 25, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2024 April 22, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces the Opening of New ADA-Compliant Restroom March 26, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Suzanne Wray as Director of Advancement & Engagement March 18, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh to Host Series of Public Programs Alongside Historic Art Exhibition of Paintings by Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt and Others January 31, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Trustees and Board Committee Members September 26, 2023 ALMA | LEWIS and The Frick Pittsburgh Announce Open House and Artist Talk with Joint Artist-in-Residence Addoley Dzegede September 14, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt: Forging the Frick Collections in Pittsburgh and New York May 30, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2023 May 17, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden April 19, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile April 13, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh and Duquesne University Students Partner on New SoundWalk Experience March 23, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print October 25, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Renata Capozzoli May 20, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces 2022 Season of Summer Fridays at the Frick May 16, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Change in Services April 22, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Romare Bearden: Artist as Activist and Visionary April 8, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs in Conjunction with SLAY exhibition April 8, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley April 6, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Robert M. Hernandez to Board Chair March 4, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Receives Recovery and Growth Grant from PA Humanities February 14, 2022 Voices Against Violence and The Frick Pittsburgh Recieve $150,000 grant from the Richard King Mellon Foundation to Expand Programmatic Collaboration January 13, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Five New Term Trustees December 20, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Voices Against Violence November 19, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Winterfest 2021–202 2 October 25, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Victorian Radicals: From the Pre-Raphaelites to the Arts & Crafts Movement October 12, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Laura Miller to Board of Trustees October 7, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan September 24, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Traci Weatherford-Brown as Director of Advancement & Engagement September 3, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Vaccination Requirement for Indoor Events August 27, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Partners with Women and Girls Foundation for Online Conversation Series August 3, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Revists Mask Requirement July 26, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Removes Timed Ticketing Restrictions and Plans to Reopen Café June 17, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Sporting Fashion: Outdoor Girls 1800 to 1960 May 27, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces 2021 Season of Summer Fridays at the Frick Online April 15, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Cast in Chrome: The Art of Hood Ornaments April 7, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Board Officers and Term Trustees March 16, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Expands Museum Hours March 15, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Partnership with Vanessa German March 1, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Frida Kahlo Exhibitions January 21, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces January Reopening November 5, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward September 22, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Jewish Memories of Pittsburgh's Hill District September 15, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents In Conversation: Driving While Black with Dr. Gretchen Sorin September 14, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Denise Johnson September 8, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move (Online) Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan August 11, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Limited Reopening August 11, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces July 9, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Postpones July 14 Reopening of Campus Grounds July 2, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Reopening of Campus Grounds June 18, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces New Digital Summer Fridays at the Frick Presented by UPMC Health Plan June 8, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Plan to Reopen Point Breeze Campus May 29, 2020 Frick Chief Curator, Director of Collections Sarah Hall to Become Director of the Washington County Museum of Fine Arts April 3, 2020 The Frick PIttsburgh Annouces Salary Reductions, Adjustments to Staff Furlough Plans March 26, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Extended Site Closur e February 2, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs in Conjunction with Maker & Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry January 29, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Maker & Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry January 29, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents My Dearest: Love & Courtship in the Gilded Age October 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs Related to Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage & Screen September 26, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage & Screen September 26, 2019 Elizabeth E. Barker Appointed Executive Director of The Frick Pittsburgh September 11, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Memory and Mourning: Death in the Gilded Age August 26, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move! Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan August 22, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Upcoming Exhibitions Through January 2021 July 1, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Margot B. Dermody to Board of Trustees June 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents A Sporting Vision: The Paul Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts May 17, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick Presented by UPMC Health Plan May 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Celebrates Art Museum Day on May 18, 2019 May 7, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Brad Gentile May 6, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Board Officers and Trustees January 22, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Names Judith O'Toole Interim Executive Director
Archive: 2016 to 2018
For all media inquiries, contact:
Kristin Garbarino Director of Marketing & Communications
Phone: 412-342-4075 Media@TheFrickPittsburgh.org
January 3, 2025 Family-Friendly Winterfest Continues in 2025 at The Frick Pittsburgh November 14, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Amanda Dunyak Gillen, the museum's Director of Learning & Visitor Experience, as Interim Executive Director August 29, 2024 New Artist Educator-in-Residence Khadijat Yussuff Joins The Frick Pittsburgh to Engage Treasured Ornament Visitors August 1, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Receives 2024 Grant from The Richard King Mellon Foundation July 25, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh to Host Series of Public Programs Alongside Islamic Art Exhibition June 26, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Wins National Award for New Historic Home Tour May 21, 2024 Announcing The Frick Fetê: An Unforgettable Celebration of a Once-in-a-Lifetime Exhibition April 25, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2024 April 22, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces the Opening of New ADA-Compliant Restroom March 26, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Suzanne Wray as Director of Advancement & Engagement March 18, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh to Host Series of Public Programs Alongside Historic Art Exhibition of Paintings by Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt and Others January 31, 2024 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Trustees and Board Committee Members September 26, 2023 ALMA | LEWIS and The Frick Pittsburgh Announce Open House and Artist Talk with Joint Artist-in-Residence Addoley Dzegede September 14, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Vermeer, Monet, Rembrandt: Forging the Frick Collections in Pittsburgh and New York May 30, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2023 May 17, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Signature Clayton Tour Experience: Gilded, Not Golden April 19, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Pittsburgh and the Great Migration: Black Mobility and the Automobile April 13, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh and Duquesne University Students Partner on New SoundWalk Experience March 23, 2023 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents From Stage to Page: 400 Years of Shakespeare in Print October 25, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Renata Capozzoli May 20, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces 2022 Season of Summer Fridays at the Frick May 16, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Change in Services April 22, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Romare Bearden: Artist as Activist and Visionary April 8, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs in Conjunction with SLAY exhibition April 8, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley April 6, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Robert M. Hernandez to Board Chair March 4, 2022 The Frick Pittsburgh Receives Recovery and Growth Grant from PA Humanities February 14, 2022 Voices Against Violence and The Frick Pittsburgh Recieve $150,000 grant from the Richard King Mellon Foundation to Expand Programmatic Collaboration January 13, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Five New Term Trustees December 20, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Voices Against Violence November 19, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Winterfest 2021–202 2 October 25, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Victorian Radicals: From the Pre-Raphaelites to the Arts & Crafts Movement October 12, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Laura Miller to Board of Trustees October 7, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan September 24, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Appoints Traci Weatherford-Brown as Director of Advancement & Engagement September 3, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Vaccination Requirement for Indoor Events August 27, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Partners with Women and Girls Foundation for Online Conversation Series August 3, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Revists Mask Requirement July 26, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Removes Timed Ticketing Restrictions and Plans to Reopen Café June 17, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Sporting Fashion: Outdoor Girls 1800 to 1960 May 27, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces 2021 Season of Summer Fridays at the Frick Online April 15, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Cast in Chrome: The Art of Hood Ornaments April 7, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Board Officers and Term Trustees March 16, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Expands Museum Hours March 15, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Partnership with Vanessa German March 1, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Frida Kahlo Exhibitions January 21, 2021 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces January Reopening November 5, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward September 22, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Jewish Memories of Pittsburgh's Hill District September 15, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents In Conversation: Driving While Black with Dr. Gretchen Sorin September 14, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Denise Johnson September 8, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move (Online) Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan August 11, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Limited Reopening August 11, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Bouke de Vries: War and Pieces July 9, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Postpones July 14 Reopening of Campus Grounds July 2, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Reopening of Campus Grounds June 18, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces New Digital Summer Fridays at the Frick Presented by UPMC Health Plan June 8, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Plan to Reopen Point Breeze Campus May 29, 2020 Frick Chief Curator, Director of Collections Sarah Hall to Become Director of the Washington County Museum of Fine Arts April 3, 2020 The Frick PIttsburgh Annouces Salary Reductions, Adjustments to Staff Furlough Plans March 26, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Extended Site Closur e February 2, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs in Conjunction with Maker & Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry January 29, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Maker & Muse: Women and Early Twentieth Century Art Jewelry January 29, 2020 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents My Dearest: Love & Courtship in the Gilded Age October 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Special Events and Programs Related to Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage & Screen September 26, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Katharine Hepburn: Dressed for Stage & Screen September 26, 2019 Elizabeth E. Barker Appointed Executive Director of The Frick Pittsburgh September 11, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Memory and Mourning: Death in the Gilded Age August 26, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move! Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan August 22, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Upcoming Exhibitions Through January 2021 July 1, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Margot B. Dermody to Board of Trustees June 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents A Sporting Vision: The Paul Mellon Collection of British Sporting Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts May 17, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick Presented by UPMC Health Plan May 10, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Celebrates Art Museum Day on May 18, 2019 May 7, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Brad Gentile May 6, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Board Officers and Trustees January 22, 2019 The Frick Pittsburgh Names Judith O'Toole Interim Executive Director
December 10, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Street Photography to Surrealism: The Golden Age of Photography in France, 1900-1945 December 10, 2018 Frick Executive Director Robin Nicholson to Become Executive Director/CEO of Telfair Museums October 10, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Isabelle de Borchgrave: Fashioning Art from Paper September 19, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces the Election of New Trustees August 30, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let's Move! Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan August 8, 2018 Van Gogh, Monet, Degas Sets All-Time Exhibition Attendance Record at The Frick Pittsburgh July 25, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Carol MacPhail to Board of Trustees July 10, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Driving the Disenfranchised: The Automobile’s Role in Women’s Suffrage July 5, 2018 Van Gogh, Monet, Degas to remain open an extra week at The Frick Pittsburgh June 26, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Spaces for Work and Play, a New Public Tour Featuring the Frick Children's Playhouse May 17, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick presented by UPMC Health Plan May 18, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Celebrates Art Museum Day on May 18, 2018 March 13, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh presents Van Gogh, Monet, Degas April 27, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Heather King February 5, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Revive, Remix, Respond: Contemporary Ceramic Artists and The Frick Pittsburgh January 24, 2018 The Frick Pittsburgh announces the election of Susan Hunter to the Board of Trustees January 2, 2018 Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear to remain open an extra week at The Frick Pittsburgh October 16, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Undressed: A History of Fashion in Underwear October 5, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces 2018 Presentation of Van Gogh, Monet, Degas: The Mellon Collection of French Art from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts September 27, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Launches New Mobile Landscape App August 25, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Let’s Move! Family Fun Day at the Frick brought to you by UPMC Health Plan July 25, 2017 Six Pittsburgh Museums Partner on Social Media Initiative July 20, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Barbara Noble Howard to Board of Trustees June 21, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Adoption of Five-Year Strategic Plan and Initiation of New Acquisition Progra m June 9, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty June 9, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Programs Related to the Exhibition Irving Penn: Beyond Beauty June 8, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Collaborates with Google in Exploring Fashion in New Virtual Exhibition May 11, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh To Celebrate Art Museum Day on May 18, 2017 May 10, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Jubilee Christian School of Mt. Lebanon May 5, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2017 supported by KeyBank March 27, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Exhibition-Related Programs for Elise Adibi: Respiration Paintings March 16, 2017 Charles L. (“Chip”) Burke, Jr. Elected Chair of The Frick Pittsburgh’s Board of Trustees February 1, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of Mary Louise Babst to Board of Trustees January 10, 2017 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Advance Schedule of Exhibitions Through Winter 2019 December 8, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh’s World-Class Collection Highlighted in New Exhibition and Book November 14, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Awarded Bank of America Art Conservation Project Grant October 31, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Holidays at the Frick 2016-2017 October 21, 2016 The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet on view at The Frick Pittsburgh October 29, 2016 through May 14, 2017 October 21, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Exhibition Programs for The Frick Collects: From Rubens to Monet September 30, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Election of New Trustees September 22, 2016 Stepped-up Killer Heels Attendance Has The Frick Pittsburgh Poised for Its Next Leap in Fashion June 2, 2016 Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe on view at The Frick Pittsburgh June 11 through September 4, 2016 June 2, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh announces exhibition programs related to the exhibition Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe May 17, 2016 Richard King Mellon Foundation Grant Award Supports Series of Fashion-focused Exhibitions at The Frick Pittsburgh May 6, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Presents the Roy A. Hunt Foundation Award for Commitment to Education in the Arts and Humanities to Mr. Alphonse A. Rapa May 5, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Summer Fridays at the Frick 2016 May 1, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh To Celebrate Art Museum Day on May 18, 2016 April 6, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh to Present Killer Heels: The Art of the High-Heeled Shoe in Summer 2016 March 29, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Announces Extended Hours of Operation, New Pedestrian Entrance and Paths, and Expanded Summer Programming March 10, 2016 The Frick Pittsburgh Joins Google Cultural Institute
Kristin Garbarino Director of Marketing & Communications Phone: 412-342-4075 Media@TheFrickPittsburgh.org



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/programmatic-collaborations
TITLE: Home | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Get Cozy at the Frick
Take a break from the winter weather and enjoy art, history, and nature! This season there's something for everyone: enjoy Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) , transport yourself back to 1892 with our signature Gilded, Not Golden tour of Clayton, and travel through time at the Car and Carriage Museum . Plus, keep yourself warm with seasonal drinks from The Café at the Frick and a stroll through our picturesque greenhouse.
Monday, March 10 Campus Closed



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/rentals
TITLE: Rental Events | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Event rentals for 2025 are completely full.
New event rental inquiries are not being accepted at this time. Please check back to this website to receive updated information on when the 2026 season will open for inquiries.
Event rentals for 2025 are completely full. New event rental inquiries are not being accepted at this time. Please check back to this website to receive updated information on when the 2026 season will open for inquiries.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/see-and-do
TITLE: See and Do | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
See and Do
Customize Your Frick Experience
With so much to see and do, every visit to the Frick can be different. Experience the culture and refinement of the Gilded Age in a beautiful setting no other museum in Pittsburgh can offer. .



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/staff
TITLE: Staff | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
The Frick Pittsburgh Staff
Director’s Office
Amanda Dunyak Gillen, Interim Executive Director Natalie Watson, Executive Assistant 412-342-4069
Advancement & Engagement
Suzanne Wray, Director of Advancement & Engagement 412-342-4079 Jodi Golomb, Assistant Director of Advancement & Engagement and Institutional Support Lead 412-342-4089 Diane Totten, Manager of Individual Support 412-342-4098 Erin Serena, Advancement Database Administrator 412-342-4035 Val Richards, Membership Manager 412-342-4084 Pierce Mitchell, Advancement Assistant
Collections / Curatorial
Dawn Reid Brean, Chief Curator & Director of Collections 412-342-4066 Lauryn Smith, Assistant Curator 412-342-402 0 Morgan Lawrence, Manager of Collections & Exhibitions / Exhibitions Project Manager 412-342-4071 Christina Cichra, Collections Technician 412-342-4074 Bella Hanley, Collections & Exhibitions Assistant
Enterprise & Visitor Services
Alexa Patsey, Museum Experience & Admissions Manager 412-342-4039 Dalena Collins, Interim Manager of Museum Experience and Admissions 412-342-4087 Amanda Crytzer, Manager of the Frick Museum Store 412-342-4077
Safety & Security
Finance
Lisa Gehring, Director of Finance 412-342-4068 Maureen DeFabio, Senior Finance Associate 412-342-4078 Tori Trimble, Finance Associate 412-342-4095
Human Resources
Learning & Visitor Experience
Kelsie Torrenti Paul, Interim Director of Learning & Visitor Experience 412-342-4063 Caito Amorose, Curator of Performance Events 412-342-4091 Stacey McSorley, Manager of Youth & Family Programs 412-342-4062 Dalena Collins, Learning and Interpretive Coordinator 412-342-4087 Alyse Hanna, Youth Program Assistant 412-342-4044 Arts Facilitator Carly DiPaolo Clayton Tour Facilitators Charles Altman Karen Crenshaw Jane Grabowski William Griffith Eliza Grimm Isabella Hanley Karen Ieong Anne Isaac Linda Lewis Malcolm MacKenzie Donald MacLeod Jr. Terri McKenzie Joan Miles Eden Munday Megan O'Keefe Julie Silverman Cassandra Skweres Elizabeth Staab Deborah Talarico Barney Terrell Dennis Wickline Frick Art Museum Tour Facilitators & Gallery Facilitators Kathy Dax Cynthia Lackey Malcolm MacKenzie Eden Munday Julie Silverman Jasmine Singh Elizabeth Wilkinson Car and Carriage Museum Tour Facilitators Steve Cicero Bella Hanley Karen Ieong Dallas Knight Donald MacLeod Jr. Julie Silverman Barney Terrell Dennis Wickline Educators Susan Bails Sophia Celdrán Stephen Cicero Karen Cornell Nancy Craft Seth Graziani Melida Hernandez Denise Humphrey Linda Johnson Julie King Susan Knight Cynthia Lackey Malcolm MacKenzie Lori McDermott Catie Rogan Lauren Schricker June Schultz Carol Schurman Deborah Talarico Elizabeth Wilkinson Elisa Yukstas Lead Studio Arts Educators C.J.  Dawson Elizabeth Wells Studio Arts Educators Nora Lopez
Marketing & Communications
Kristin Garbarino, Director of Marketing & Communications 412-342-4075 Seth Culp-Ressler, Digital Marketing & Design Manager 412-342-4094 Stephanie Mirah, Marketing & Communications Manager 412-342-4047
Operations
Daria Pigg, Frick Facilities Housekeeping Manager 412-342-4088 Operations and Facilities Coordinator Travell McKines Lead Maintenance Technicians Daniel Martinac Eric Sullivan Grounds Crew Veronica Buckmaster John Payne Noah Snizik Frick Facilities Housekeeping Team Keiaire Eutsey Sara Stankiewicz
Director’s Office Amanda Dunyak Gillen, Interim Executive Director Natalie Watson, Executive Assistant 412-342-4069 Advancement & Engagement Suzanne Wray, Director of Advancement & Engagement 412-342-4079 Jodi Golomb, Assistant Director of Advancement & Engagement and Institutional Support Lead 412-342-4089 Diane Totten, Manager of Individual Support 412-342-4098 Erin Serena, Advancement Database Administrator 412-342-4035 Val Richards, Membership Manager 412-342-4084 Pierce Mitchell, Advancement Assistant Collections / Curatorial Dawn Reid Brean, Chief Curator & Director of Collections 412-342-4066 Lauryn Smith, Assistant Curator 412-342-402 0 Morgan Lawrence, Manager of Collections & Exhibitions / Exhibitions Project Manager 412-342-4071 Christina Cichra, Collections Technician 412-342-4074 Bella Hanley, Collections & Exhibitions Assistant Enterprise & Visitor Services Alexa Patsey, Museum Experience & Admissions Manager 412-342-4039 Dalena Collins, Interim Manager of Museum Experience and Admissions 412-342-4087 Amanda Crytzer, Manager of the Frick Museum Store 412-342-4077 Paul Lauteri, General Manager of Café Services 412-342-4085 Event Support Janet DeAngelo Ginger Ellis Museum Experience Associates Bradley Britvich Chrissy Condon Emily French Ollie Gratzinger Danielle Grentz Tessa Kilby Naomi Knolle Adylade Krimmel Aleeshyah Lightfoot Joy Militello Kathryn Shriver Grey Weatherford-Brown Madison Wise Abby Young Café Service Front of House Lead Trenny Bivens Jhona Streeter Café Service Associates Megan Adgate Shay Berry Shannon Curry Ezra Eppler Shawn Hogan Lydia Newlin Andrew Patton Connor Scott Enrique Talavera Ellie Walker-Wintruba Emily Yeager Safety & Security Mark Springer, Director of Safety & Security 412-342-4037 Tony Brandstetter, Museum Safety & Gallery Lead Katrina Murphy, Site Safety Lead Eric Rucker, Public Safety Coordinator Public Safety Officers Donald Henderson Richard Lockyer, Jr. Scott Mayhew Joe Newcome Gallery Attendants Andy Basta Brad Britvitch Will Frechione Jane Heuer Elizabeth Scott Elizabeth Sickles Pam Stone Cathlean Suzensky Meg Wolfe Finance Lisa Gehring, Director of Finance 412-342-4068 Maureen DeFabio, Senior Finance Associate 412-342-4078 Tori Trimble, Finance Associate 412-342-4095 Human Resources Barry Adams, Director of Human Resources 412-342-4065 Jennifer Forster, Human Resources Manager 412-342-4038 Michelle Panasiuk, Human Resources Assistant 412-342-4067 Learning & Visitor Experience Kelsie Torrenti Paul, Interim Director of Learning & Visitor Experience 412-342-4063 Caito Amorose, Curator of Performance Events 412-342-4091 Stacey McSorley, Manager of Youth & Family Programs 412-342-4062 Dalena Collins, Learning and Interpretive Coordinator 412-342-4087 Alyse Hanna, Youth Program Assistant 412-342-4044 Arts Facilitator Carly DiPaolo Clayton Tour Facilitators Charles Altman Karen Crenshaw Jane Grabowski William Griffith Eliza Grimm Isabella Hanley Karen Ieong Anne Isaac Linda Lewis Malcolm MacKenzie Donald MacLeod Jr. Terri McKenzie Joan Miles Eden Munday Megan O'Keefe Julie Silverman Cassandra Skweres Elizabeth Staab Deborah Talarico Barney Terrell Dennis Wickline Frick Art Museum Tour Facilitators & Gallery Facilitators Kathy Dax Cynthia Lackey Malcolm MacKenzie Eden Munday Julie Silverman Jasmine Singh Elizabeth Wilkinson Car and Carriage Museum Tour Facilitators Steve Cicero Bella Hanley Karen Ieong Dallas Knight Donald MacLeod Jr. Julie Silverman Barney Terrell Dennis Wickline Educators Susan Bails Sophia Celdrán Stephen Cicero Karen Cornell Nancy Craft Seth Graziani Melida Hernandez Denise Humphrey Linda Johnson Julie King Susan Knight Cynthia Lackey Malcolm MacKenzie Lori McDermott Catie Rogan Lauren Schricker June Schultz Carol Schurman Deborah Talarico Elizabeth Wilkinson Elisa Yukstas Lead Studio Arts Educators C.J.  Dawson Elizabeth Wells Studio Arts Educators Nora Lopez Marketing & Communications Kristin Garbarino, Director of Marketing & Communications 412-342-4075 Seth Culp-Ressler, Digital Marketing & Design Manager 412-342-4094 Stephanie Mirah, Marketing & Communications Manager 412-342-4047 Operations Robert Henninger, Director of Operations 412-342-4082 Jeff Checcio, Facilities Manager 412-342-4081 Kim Rothert, Grounds Manager 412-342-4083 Daria Pigg, Frick Facilities Housekeeping Manager 412-342-4088 Operations and Facilities Coordinator Travell McKines Lead Maintenance Technicians Daniel Martinac Eric Sullivan Grounds Crew Veronica Buckmaster John Payne Noah Snizik Frick Facilities Housekeeping Team Keiaire Eutsey Sara Stankiewicz



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/store
TITLE: Store | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Frick Museum Store
Located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Frick Museum Store offers a carefully curated product line reflecting the distinctive character of the Frick.
Shop Our Online Store
Frick Member Discounts
Members of the Frick receive a 10% discount on all Museum Store purchases!
Benefits also include free admission, discounts, events, and much more. Join Now
Located in the Grable Visitor Center, the Frick Museum Store offers a carefully curated product line reflecting the distinctive character of the Frick. Shop Our Online Store
Members of the Frick receive a 10% discount on all Museum Store purchases! Benefits also include free admission, discounts, events, and much more. Join Now



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/strategicplan
TITLE: Annual Reports & Strategic Plan | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Annual Reports & Strategic Plan
Our Strategic Plan
2021-2027
Annual Reports
2020-2021 Annual Report & Strategic Plan Update
2019-2020 Annual Report & Strategic Plan
Strategic Plan
Looking back on the momentous fiscal year that began on April 1, 2020—marked by the global pandemic of Covid-19, the national reckoning with racial justice, the launch of our new Strategic Plan, the 30th anniversary of Clayton’s restoration and public opening, and the 50th anniversary of The Frick Art Museum’s founding—we have much to be thankful for. Our staff, members, and visitors found new ways to engage with our collections and eachother; individuals and funders in our community stepped forward with support when we needed it most; and the Frick has emerged from this year a more flexible, humble, and socially committed organization. Click Here
2019 was a pivotal year for the Frick, we successfully completed a strategic plan adopted in 2016, and Elizabeth Barker joined the Frick with a mandate to lead a planning process that would establish goals for our next chapter. Gounded in mindset of radical empathy for our visitors, we reviewed our mission statement, penned our first vision statement, and identified our organizational values. Click Here



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/support-detail
TITLE: Home | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Get Cozy at the Frick
Take a break from the winter weather and enjoy art, history, and nature! This season there's something for everyone: enjoy Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) , transport yourself back to 1892 with our signature Gilded, Not Golden tour of Clayton, and travel through time at the Car and Carriage Museum . Plus, keep yourself warm with seasonal drinks from The Café at the Frick and a stroll through our picturesque greenhouse.
Monday, March 10 Campus Closed



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/tickets
TITLE: Tickets | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Tickets
From historic home tours and stunning art exhibitions to educational opportunities and community events, there's something for everyone at The Frick Pittsburgh.
Clayton
Tours of Clayton are currently offered Tuesdays through Sundays. Advance reservations are strongly recommended.
Gilded, Not Golden
Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour .
The Frick Art Museum
Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) comes to the Frick Art Museum from March 1 through May 25, 2025. Comprised of 15 large scale prints, the exhibition revisits the historical representations found in the two-volume anthology published in 1866, "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War."
BUY TICKETS
Other Events
In addition to long-term exhibitions and signature tour experiences, the Frick also offers numerous other ticketed events, workshops, activities, and more. Browse the full calendar below.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Free Admission
Tickets are not required to visit the Car and Carriage Museum or the Frick Art Museum's permanent collection .
From historic home tours and stunning art exhibitions to educational opportunities and community events, there's something for everyone at The Frick Pittsburgh. Clayton Tours of Clayton are currently offered Tuesdays through Sundays. Advance reservations are strongly recommended. Gilded, Not Golden SCHEDULE A TOUR Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . The Frick Art Museum Kara Walker: Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War (Annotated) comes to the Frick Art Museum from March 1 through May 25, 2025. Comprised of 15 large scale prints, the exhibition revisits the historical representations found in the two-volume anthology published in 1866, "Harper's Pictorial History of the Civil War." BUY TICKETS Other Events In addition to long-term exhibitions and signature tour experiences, the Frick also offers numerous other ticketed events, workshops, activities, and more. Browse the full calendar below. UPCOMING EVENTS Free Admission Tickets are not required to visit the Car and Carriage Museum or the Frick Art Museum's permanent collection .



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/tours
TITLE: Tours | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Tours
Experience art, history, and nature on a guided tour.
Clayton Tours
Gilded, Not Golden
Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour .
"Our tour guide was excellent! Her knowledge and command of the history was excellent. It was clear that she has a love of her job. That's engaging. We had a youngster (about 10 - 12 years old) in our group. He was very bright and was not shy. Our guide did an excellent job of responding to him while not losing track of her objective. She integrated his quizzical mind into the interaction. It was actually amusing to the entire group. I really appreciate the efforts that the museum put into the development of the new tours." - William S.
Car and Carriage Museum Tours
Guided Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum
Dates: Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Car and Carriage Museum Cost: Free
Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car.
Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum.
For groups of ten or more people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org for information about a guided group tour.
Gilded, Not Golden SCHEDULE A TOUR Immerse yourself in 1892, a pivotal year for our nation, Pittsburgh, and the Frick family. Learn more about the Gilded, Not Golden tour . "Our tour guide was excellent! Her knowledge and command of the history was excellent. It was clear that she has a love of her job. That's engaging. We had a youngster (about 10 - 12 years old) in our group. He was very bright and was not shy. Our guide did an excellent job of responding to him while not losing track of her objective. She integrated his quizzical mind into the interaction. It was actually amusing to the entire group. I really appreciate the efforts that the museum put into the development of the new tours." - William S.
Guided Tours of the Car and Carriage Museum Dates: Saturdays Time: 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. Duration: Approximately one hour Location: The Car and Carriage Museum Cost: Free Join a guided tour of the Car and Carriage Museum and discover the impact of a transportation revolution as you explore the story of America's transition from carriage to car. Tour participation is free and registration is not required. Meet your guide at the entrance to the Car and Carriage Museum. For groups of ten or more people, please email Education@thefrickpittsburgh.org for information about a guided group tour.



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/virtual
TITLE: Virtual Experiences | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Virtual Museum
Explore the Frick
Virtual Tours
Virtual Exhibitions
Curator Talks
The Frick Pittsburgh Mobile Apps
The Frick Pittsburgh Blog
Digital Collection
#notwhite collective Cooking Series
Creativity Corner: Family Art Tutorials
Puzzles
Kids' Activities
The Frick is committed to providing virtual museum experiences for our visitors. Enjoy the following from the comfort of your home!
Take a virtual tour of our museums and gardens: The Frick Art Museum permanent galleries First floor of Clayton Car and Carriage Museum Grounds and gardens
Enjoy our virtual exhibitions : Collection Highlights Gilded Age Fashion Entertaining at Home Vive la France! Collecting Millet Around the World Portraits & Personalites
SLAY: An Introduction to SLAY: Artemisia Gentileschi & Kehinde Wiley Investigating the Story of Judith & Holofernes Author Talk with Gina Siciliano— I Know What I Am: The Life and Times of Artemisia Gentileschi The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show: The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 1) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 2) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 3) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 4) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 5) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 6) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 7) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 8) The Unofficial Gilded Age After Show (Episode 9) Permanent Collection: In Conversation: The Art and History of the Night Sky In Conversation: Murderous Millinery Museums Are Not Neutral: A Conversation on Gender, Power, and Privilege What's Past is Prologue: Industrialization & Changing Landscapes Gilded Is Not Golden: Exploring Museums' Multiple Histories The Frick Reflects: Looking Back, Moving Forward Clayton Christmas Memories Exploring a Special Cabinet Peeking Inside the Clayton Vault Sneaking into Storage A Look Inside the Frick: Imagining Playtime Resisting the Rational: Giovanni di Paolo's Heaven on Earth Reviving the Renaissance with Dawn Brean French Confections: Highlights of The Frick Pittsburgh's 18th-century French Collection My Darling Boy: Letters from Mrs. Frick to Childs Frida Kahlo: Author Talk: Frida in America with Celia Stahr Collector's Talk with Vicente Wolf Reckoning: Grief and Light, nothing can separate you from the language you cry in In Conversation: Vanessa German and Dr. Edda L. Fields-Black Sporting Fashion: Equity and Fair Play in Women's Sport Today History, Fashion, and Feminism In Conversation: The Legacy of Title IX Victorian Radicals: In Conversation: Radical Women—The Pre-Raphaelite Sisterhood Victorian Radicals Today Ekphrasis: Poetic Responses to Victorian Radicals War & Pieces: London Studio Tour with Bouke de Vries Car and Carriage Museum: Looking at the Lincoln Driving the Disenfranchised: The Automobile's Role in Women's Suffrage In Conversation: Driving While Black with Dr. Gretchen Sorin Cast in Chrome: Creating Casts: The Making of a Hood Ornament Space Oddity The Mack Bulldog LaSalle Victoire Spirit of Ecstasy Eagle Rock: Eagle Rock: Construction, Architecture, and Design Domestic Service at Eagle Rock Around the Grounds at Eagle Rock Art at Eagle Rock: From Prides Crossing to Pittsburgh
Landscape App See the evolution of the Frick's campus from the late 19th century to the present with archival photo overlays, learn about buildings and spaces on-site and how the Fricks used them, and discover some of the many different species of trees on campus (did you know we’re an arboretum?): Download on the App Store Download on Google Play Collections App Explore seven masterpieces from our permanent collection digitized in super-high resolution and zoom in to observe all the beautiful details: Download on the App Store Download on Google Play
Keep up to date with our blog, Frick Stories , offering insights into our collections, exhibitions, and grounds, along with Pittsburgh, Gilded Age, and Frick family history: Conversations on sport, fashion, and equity with our friends at Women and Girls Foundation. A look at two true outdoor girls. Two historic sportswomen set out on long journeys. Mr. Frick gets in trouble with the law. A closer look at an iconic hood ornament designer. Learn about the history of decorative hood ornaments. Listen to the contemporary symphony accompanying Vanessa German's new installation. A deadly fashion trend sparks a conservation movement. Head to President McKinley's inaugural ball with the Fricks. President McKinley comes to Pittsburgh. The Fricks dine with President Roosevelt. Journey through Egypt with the Fricks. An Interview with Bouke de Vries on War and Pieces . Clayton docent Sue Morris examines Mr. Frick's role in national politics. In part two of her Frick politics series, Sue Morris elucidates how Mr. Frick used art politically. Explore Clayton's cutting-edge, Gilded-Age technologies. Learn about a new community art installation on our campus. See the evolution of Point Breeze. Hear the story behind a new outdoor art installation on our campus. Take a look at what's hidden in Clayton's walls. Happy Labor Day! But not if you work for Mr. Frick. Curator Dawn Brean elucidates a beautiful explosion in our green gallery. Curator Kim Cady looks at the origins of our car collection. See the Clayton kitchen evolve through the centuries. Examine the intersection of public health and Victorian home design. Check out Mrs. Peacock on the cover of Nineteenth Century magazine. Learn about the history of the Frick estate and the neighborhood of Point Breeze. Look back on the restoration of Clayton. Take a journey through the history of the Car and Carriage Museum. Reflect on the history of Memorial Day with Manager of School Learning Kelsie Paul. Explore the Frick family's hobbies and the rise of leisure in the Gilded Age. Track spring fashion trends from 1880–1910. Examine the political jewelry of the Women's Suffrage Movement. Take a walk through Clayton's third and fourth floors.
Browse more than 150 collection items in our searchable online database .
This Saturday series featured a different member of the multicultural women's artist group #notwhite collective sharing family stories, photos, and a recipe from her culture, live and direct from her own kitchen on the Frick’s Instagram . Missed an episode? Need a recipe? Check out the archive below! March 6: Zena Ruiz March 13: Fran Flaherty March 20: Carolina Loyola-Garcia March 27: Liana Maneese April 3: Alison Zapata April 10: Sarika Goulatia April 17: Geña
Follow along step-by-step as museum educator Stacey McSorley completes an art project with simple household objects: Paper Windsock Decorative Paper Frame Paper Puppets Experimenting with Watercolor Paper Collage Sculpture Paper People Paper Beads
See if you can recreate one of our favorite paintings or a scene from our beautiful grounds! Try a digital Frick jigsaw puzzle here .
Have fun with art and history! Early Childhood Frick Grounds Bingo Feather Racing Paper Beads Artist Trading Cards Keith Haring Creative Color Wheels Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Neighborhood Bingo Environmental Art Fun with Lines House Scavenger Hunt Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Fun with Shapes Fun with Color We Are Family Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project Afternoon Tea Elementary Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Paper Beads Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect ABCs Scavenger Hunt Keith Haring Creative Color Wheels Explore with Watercolors Windsocks More Parlor Games Neighborhood Bingo Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Fun with Lines Letter Writing House Scavenger Hunt A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Model T-riffic Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Afternoon Tea Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Winter Green Stories in Stained Glass Picasso Portraits Fun with Shapes History Mystery Draw Like Degas Paper People We Are Family Fun with Foil The Secret Language of Flowers Fun with Color Silly Art Mad Lib Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project Middle School Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Paper Beads Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect ABCs Scavenger Hunt Keith Haring Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Personification More Parlor Games Neighborhood Bingo Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Letter Writing House Scavenger Hunt A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Model T-riffic Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Winter Green Stories in Stained Glass Who's Who Picasso Portraits Household Helpers History Mystery Draw Like Degas Paper People We Are Family Fun with Foil The Secret Language of Flowers Fun with Color Mystery in the Masterpiece Vive la France Silly Art Mad Lib Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project High School Frick Grounds Bingo Paper Collage Sculptures Feather Racing Be a Fan of Fans Artist Trading Cards Practice Makes Perfect Explore with Watercolors Personification More Parlor Games Take an Imaginary Road Trip What's New Environmental Art Letter Writing A Description of My Bedroom Geniuses at Work Color Mixing Design a Coat of Arms Cinquain Poem Recycled Planters Parlor Games A Still Life of Your Own Upcycled Stained Glass Pose for a Portrait Landscape Collage Who's Who Household Helpers History Mystery We Are Family Fun with Foil Vive la France Silly Art Mad Lib Automobile Timeline Car of the Future Art Projects Paper Collage Sculptures Paper Beads Artist Trading Cards Keith Haring Explore with Watercolors Windsocks Environmental Art Color Mixing Recycled Planters Upcycled Stained Glass Landscape Collage Picasso Portraits Car of the Future Paper People Fun with Foil Sock Bunny Art Project Paper Kite Project



URL: https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/virtualexhibitions
TITLE: Virtual Exhibitions | The Frick Pittsburgh Museums & Gardens
CONTENT:
Virtual Exhibitions
The Frick is excited to be the first cultural institution in Western Pennsylvania to partner with the Google Cultural Institute to join the Google Arts & Culture platform. Through this partnership, we invite you to explore our virtual exhibitions – including Gilded Age Fashion, Entertaining at Home, Vive La France!, Collecting Millet, Around the World as well as Collection Highlights and Portraits & Personalities.



