A private, global research university, Carnegie Mellon stands among the world's most renowned educational institutions, and sets its own course.Start the journey here.
Over the past 10 years, more than 400 startups linked to CMU have raised more than $7 billion in follow-on funding. Those investment numbers are especially high because of the sheer size of Pittsburgh’s growing autonomous vehicles cluster – including Uber, Aurora, Waymo and Motional – all of which are here because of their strong ties to CMU.
With cutting-edge brain science, path-breaking performances, innovative startups, driverless cars, big data, big ambitions, Nobel and Turing prizes, hands-on learning, and a whole lot of robots, CMU doesn't imagine the future, we create it.
Many seek Pittsburgh for being ahot spot for entrepreneurshipand amodel for future cities. Others come for the city'sburgeoning food scene.
Visit us »
You’ll find CMU locations nationwide — and worldwide. Silicon Valley. Qatar. Africa. Washington, D.C. To name a few.
See global locations & programs »
U.S. News & World Report, 2023
U.S. News & World Report, 2023
The Hollywood Reporter, 2023
U.S. News & World Report, 2023
U.S. News & World Report, 2023
Times Higher Education, 2023
Times Higher Education, 2023
The Smiley :-) was created by Carnegie Mellon research professor Scott Fahlman on September 19, 1982. This was the beginning of emoticons in email, and the precursor to emojis.
;-)   :-(   :-o
Carnegie Mellon alumnus Andy Warhol was an iconic figure in the pop art movement that explored the relationship of art to modern celebrity culture and advertising. His work included hand drawing, painting, printmaking, photography, silk screening, sculpture, film and music. A pioneer in computer-generated art, he is considered one of the most influential artists of the 20th century.
It's never too early for women to learn the art of negotiation, and that's why a Carnegie Mellon professor has partnered with the Girl Scouts. The first Girl Scout badge for negotiation, named "Win-Win: How to Get What You Want," started with Carnegie Mellon professor Linda Babcock. To earn the badge, girls learn why and how negotiation can be useful — and it goes beyond selling cookies. Babcock has also co-authored two books on the subject:Women Don't AskandAsk for it: How Women Can Use the Power of Negotiation to Get What They Really Want.
In 1979, Carnegie Mellon established the nation's first Robotics Institute. Since then, professor and alumnus William "Red" Whittaker has been a robotics pioneer, founding the discipline of Field Robotics, developing unmanned vehicles to clean up the Three Mile Island nuclear accident site, and leading the Tartan Racing Team to victory in the $2 million Urban Challenge robotic autonomous vehicles race. Technologies like these can help make driving safer by preventing accidents.
Explore CMU's big ideas — a gallery of innovations and sparks of inspiration that have grown to shape the world.
See more brags »
Humanities and Social Sciences
Information Systems & Public Policy Management
Carnegie Mellon University challenges the curious and passionate to deliver work that matters.
CalendarCareersCOVID-19 UpdatesDirectory / ContactFeedbackGlobal Locations
Health & SafetyNewsSite MapTitle IX
AlumniBUSINESS & RESEARCH PARTNERSFaculty & StaffStudents
Carnegie Mellon University5000 Forbes AvenuePittsburgh, PA 15213412-268-2000
Join us for Playtest Night, an ongoing event series where Entertainment Technology Center and IDeATe students make their project work available for playtesting by guests. 

This is an exciting, hands-on opportunity to interact with new, dynamic projects and give feedback to students who are in the process of testing and tweaking their creation. Pizza will be provided.