1 
 
General Contractor Detail Report Instructions 
 
The purpose of this report is for informational purposes only and is to be completed by the General 
Contractor. The General Contractor should list all subcontractors who have performed work or rendered 
services within the City of Pittsburgh for the year. If the General Contractor needs to report more than 
26 subcontractors, the General Contractor is to complete as many General Contractor Detailed Reports 
as needed to list all subcontractors/companies utilized.  
 
General Contractor’s can submit a list of their subcontractors quarterly with their Payroll Expense Tax 
Form. When the General Contractor submits this report for the 4th quarter, the General Contractor shall 
provide copies of the 1099s for all subcontractors utilized for the year.  
 
The General Contractor should not report the subcontractor’s amounts from the 1099-Total/Other 
Compensation column on the General Contractor’s quarterly Payroll Expense Tax Form. The purpose of 
this report is for informational purposes only and is not to be used for assistance in completion of the 
General Contractor’s ET-1 Form. Subcontractors are responsible for filing their own Payroll Expense Tax 
Returns with the City.  
 
The form can be broken down into two sections (which are listed below) and will be described in more 
detail. 
1. General Contractor Information Section. 
2. General Contractor’s Subcontractor/Company Information. 
 
  
 
Section 1: The General Contractor should enter in the following information on the top portion of the 
form: 
 
1. EIN- Enter the 9-digit Federal Tax ID number provided by the IRS for the General Contractor 
Company. 
2. General Contractor Company Name- Enter the General Contractor Company Name. 
3. Tax Year- Enter the tax year for which you are filing.  This must correspond with the tax return 
that you are submitting.  
4. Quarter- Select the quarter for which you are submitting the report, e.g., 1st, 2nd, 3rd, or 4th quarter. 
Note General Contractor’s can submit this form each quarter with their Payroll Expense Tax Form.  
5. General Contractor Company’s Address- Provide the address of your business location. 
6. Preparer’s Name- Enter the name of the person completing this form.  
7. Phone Number- Enter the phone number of the General Contractor. 
8. Email- Enter the email of the General Contractor. 
9. Preparer’s Signature- The preparer must sign this form certifying that all information provided is 
correct to the best of their knowledge. 
1
2
3
8
9
5
7
6
5 
The purpose of this report is for informational purposes only and is to be		completed by the General	Contractor. The General Contractor should list all subcontractors who have performed work or rendered			services within the City of Pittsburgh for the year	. If the General Contractor needs to report more than		1	7	5		
2 
 
 
 
Section 2: The General Contractor will list their Subcontractors/Company Name information in the 
appropriate columns. 
 
1. Subcontractors/Company Name/Independent- The General Contractor will list the names of 
the companies’ in the first column. In the example above, the General Contractor listed the 
names of 4 subcontractors.  
2. Subcontractor/Company EIN/SSN- Enter the 9-digit Federal Tax ID number provided by the IRS 
for each of the companies or the social security number of the subcontractor, if applicable.  
3. 1099 Totals/Other Compensation- The General Contractor will list the 1099 Totals/other 
Compensation for each subcontractor. Compensation means salaries, wages, commissions, 
bonuses, net earnings, and incentive payments, whether based on profit or otherwise, fees, tips 
and any other form of remuneration earned for services rendered, whether paid directly or 
through an agent, and whether in cash or in property or the right to receive property. In the 
example above, Subcontractor 1 has reported $50,000.00, Subcontractor 2 reported $25,000.00, 
Subcontractor 3 reported $5,000.00 and Subcontractor 4 reported $2,500.  
4. Contact Name- Enter the name of the subcontractor/company contact or legal representative. 
5. Street Address- Enter the subcontractor/company street address.  If a P.O. Box, provide the 
physical location address.  
6. Phone Number- Enter the subcontractor/company phone number and/or cell phone number.  
7. Email Address- Enter the subcontractor/company email address or legal representative’s email 
address.  
 
4
1
2
3
7
6
5
1	2	
3 
 
Example of Reporting 1099-MISC (Boxes 3&7) to General Contractor Detailed Report 
In the below example, the General Contractor added the total from the 1099-MISC form box #3 Other 
Income ($2,000) and the total from #7 Nonemployee compensation ($3,000)  to arrive at the total of 
$5,000 reported on Company #3’s 1099-Total/Other Compensation column.  
 
 
 
 

