 
To Whom It May Concern, 
This letter is a notice of your fiscal responsibility to the City of Pittsburgh as a contracting party with a publicly funded 
venue.  Pursuant to “The Local Tax Enabling Act,” Act 551 of 1965, P.L. 1257; 53 P.S. § 6924, and the City Code, 
Title II, Article X, Chapter 271, a fee for general revenue purposes of three (3) percent of Earned Income is imposed on 
each Nonresident who uses a Publicly Funded Facility to engage in an athletic event or otherwise render a performance 
for which a Nonresident receives remuneration. This is a fee and not a tax.  
Earned Income is defined as wages, salaries, commissions, bonuses, incentive payments, fees, tips, and all other forms 
of compensation, whether based on profits or otherwise, earned by a person, entity, or a personal representative of a 
person for services rendered, whether directly or through an agent, and whether in cash or in property. 
As the managing entity or nonresident contracting party, you are legally responsible for the remittance of ALL fees  
based on nonresidents who earn an income from the usage of a publicly funded facility.  You are required to withhold 
the fee and submit it with a return no later than the 15th of the next month from the date of the usage of the facility.   
Any managing entity or nonresident contracting party who fails, refuses, or neglects to withhold or remit the usage fee 
to the City commits a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine not exceeding $25,000 or to 
imprisonment not exceeding two months or both.  
The taxes that will also apply include but are not limited to: 
o
LS-1, Local Services Tax
o
ET-1, Employer Payroll Expense Tax
o
Promoters of the events may be subject to other taxes.
o
Visit http://pittsburghpa.gov/finance/ for more information
Enclosed please find the Usage Fee regulations with the UF-1 form. Also enclosed is the New Business 
Registration form. As the managing entity/nonresident contracting party, you are required to register with the City 
of Pittsburgh within sixty (60) days of finalization of a contract with a publicly funded venue. 
Bryant Dill, Tax Compliance Specialist   
City of Pittsburgh, Department of Finance 
412-255-2962 
414 Grant Street 
Pittsburgh PA 15219-2476 
bryant.dill@pittsburghpa.gov 
CITY-COUNTY BUILDING – 414 GRANT STREET – PITTSBURGH PA 15219 FAX 412-255-6821 
www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance 

