Pittsburgh Opera ticketing information and policies | Pittsburgh Opera
The Summer King, 2017. Photo credit: David Bachman
Theater Square Box Office, 665 Penn Avenue, in the Cultural District
Walk-up hours:Monday - Saturday 10:00 AM - 6:00 PMPhone hours:Monday - Friday 10:00 AM – 5:00 PMPhone: 412-456-6666
Benedum Center Box Office, 237 7th Street, in the Cultural District
Open on performance days two hours before curtain time through intermission.
Payment Information
Orders received fewer than 7 days in advance will be held for pickup at the Box Office.
$3.50 per ticket service charge on phone orders.
Taxes and Fees
A Cultural District fee of $4.50 per ticket is included in all ticket prices.
Refunds, Exchanges, and Insurance
Performance dates and cast are subject to change without notice.
Admission is at the discretion of theater management.
Single ticket buyers can insure their purchase through Booking Protect (learn more below)
Benedum Center Safety & Security statement and Bag Policy
The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting October 1, 2016, at the Benedum Center and their other venues. You canread their Safety & Security statement, which includes anupdated list of prohibited items, andread their Bag Policy, ontheir website.
Beware of Ticket Resellers
Pittsburgh Opera's official online ticketing site homepage isopera.culturaldistrict.org, which we operate in partnership with the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust's online ticketing sitetrustarts.org.If you do not see culturaldistrict.org or trustarts.org in the webpage's URL, you are not using our official ticketing website and are likely on a reseller website.
The risks of buying from a reseller include:
You may pay more than face value.
Your tickets may not be real.
Your tickets may not be able to be replaced when lost or stolen.
Pittsburgh Opera cannot give you a refund if you have to cancel, since you did not buy the ticket from us.
Pittsburgh Opera cannot contact you with crucial information on show cancellations, time changes, road closures or traffic updates, upcoming shows or other useful information.
Tickets purchased from unofficial sources are done so at a risk. By purchasing only from opera.culturaldistrict.org or trustarts.org you are assured that the ticket you receive is valid and is being sold to you at current face value.
Resellers go to great lengths to come up first in Google search results, and often use official-sounding names such as "Ticket Network", "Box Office Ticket Sales", "Ticket Smarter", "Ticket City", and so on. Don't be fooled!
SEATING CHARTS
Benedum Center Seating Chart
Click here to view a detailed seating chart (PDF)for the Benedum Center, our principal performance space.
Byham Theater Seating Chart
Click here to view a detailed seating chart(PDF) for the Byham Theater.
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater Seating Chart
George R. White Opera Studio at the Bitz Opera Factory Seating Chart
The seating configuration for Pittsburgh Opera performances at the George R. White Opera Studio in our Bitz Opera Factory headquarters varies by production. Below is the seating chart which will be used forWoman with Eyes Closed.
TICKETING POLICIES
Late Seating at the Benedum Center
To ensure that all operagoers have a good experience, latecomers will be taken to the best available seat that does not disturb other patrons until intermission. Management accepts no responsibility for the inconvenience and can make no exceptions for late arrivals. Refunds or exchanges are NOT issued to latecomers.
Late Seating at other Venues
Late seating is handled on a show-by-show basis.Please note that for some of our shows at other venues, including at the Bitz Opera Factory, there is no late seating.When possible without disrupting the performance, Pittsburgh Opera will make every attempt to accommodate late arrivals. Management accepts no responsibility for the inconvenience and can make no exceptions for late arrivals. Refunds or exchanges are NOT issued to latecomers.Please allow ample travel time so that if you encounter unexpected traffic, road construction, accidents, full parking garages, etc., you are still able to arrive at the theater for the start of the performance.
Obstructed Vision at the Benedum Center
Supertitles, the English translations projected above the stage, will be fully visible to most Benedum Center customers. However, supertitles will not be visible to anyone seated in row W and behind on the Main Floor, or the side sections of rows W-ZZ on the Main Floor.
Emergency Information at the Benedum Center
An Emergency Register Book is located in the Benedum Center entrance lobby to the right of the entry doors. Refer emergency calls to 412-456-2610. Please turn off pagers, cell phones, and watches during the performance and notify your contact of the emergency number and your seat location. This theater is equipped with an Automated External Defibrillator.
Stage Area
Limited to performers, staff, and authorized visitors.
Fire Exits
Located at all levels and clearly marked. Use ONLY in case of emergency.
Lost and Found
Cameras and Tape Recorders
The use of cameras, cell phones, and tape recorders in the auditorium is strictly prohibited.
Cast or Programming Changes
Cast and opera subject to change without notice. All ticket sales are final.
TICKET INSURANCE WITH BOOKING PROTECT
The Pittsburgh's Cultural District has partnered withBooking Protectto provide you peace of mind with yoursingle ticket purchase(good for single tickets only; not currently available for subscriptions or group sales). We recommend adding Booking Protect to your order, as without it all single tickets are non-refundable.
Booking Protect costs just 7% of your pre-tax order total and allows you to apply for a full refund should you or anyone in your party be unable to attend due to a qualifying reason such as: contracting COVID-19 (with doctor's note), a family member contracting COVID-19 (with doctor's note), being high-risk with the advice of a doctor not to attend (with doctor's note), other illness, family emergency, or inclement weather.Full details here.
Claim a refund up to 45 days after your performance date through a simple process exclusively on the Booking Protect website. By adding Booking Protect to your order, you are agreeing to their Terms of Service (view terms of service here).

Pittsburgh Opera Accessibility | Pittsburgh Opera
Striving for accessibility throughout the organization
Pittsburgh Opera strives for accessibility in its performances, performance spaces, communications, and at the Bitz Opera Factory in the Strip. We have also been a leader in offering accessibility services, such asAudio Commentaryand Braille program books, at performances.
Inclusion at Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera is committed to including all staff, patrons, and volunteers in all performances and programs. We consciously use person-centered language and strive to raise awareness about positive interactions. We welcome persons with disabilities as volunteers. We aim for full participation, inclusion, and integration of people of all abilities into the fabric of the company.
CAPTIONING/SUPERTITLES
All operas, including those performed in English, include Supertitles (English texts) projected onto a screen above the stage (unless otherwise noted). These are sometimes referred to as "OpTrans".
AUDIO COMMENTARY
Pittsburgh Opera offers an audio description service for patrons with visual, hearing, and print impairments during most Tuesday performances at the Benedum Center, August Wilson African American Cultural Center, Pittsburgh CAPA (Creative and Performing Arts) School, and at the Bitz Opera Factory.
Audio description service is also offered at Art Song Recitals in the Bitz Opera Factory. Through Assistive Listening Devices, patrons can hear the Supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes.
A volunteer team has provided the Audio Commentary service since 2003. Several team members provide individual assistance to patrons as they pick up Assistive Listening Devices. Another team member reads from the program book ten minutes before each act of the performance—the "pre-show". Another team member reads the Supertitles and describes the visual aspects of the stage—the "play-by-play".
Patrons may reserve seats in advance by calling 412-281-0912, ext. 213. Tickets are $14.00 each for patrons with visual impairments and a companion, and consideration will be given in case of financial hardship.
To pick up an Assistive Listening Device at the Benedum Center, a patron presents an ID in the Guest Services Center, located off the far right lobby. To pick up an Assistive Listening Device at the August Wilson African American Cultural Center, CAPA, or at the Bitz Opera Factory, a patron presents an ID at the Education table in the lobby.
ASSISTIVE LISTENING DEVICES
Assistive Listening Devices (ALDs) transmit and/or amplify the sound of a production for anyone with or without a hearing aid.
The Benedum Center has two systems for Assistive Listening: an Infrared system and an Inductive Loop system.
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater and the Bitz Opera Factory have radio systems for broadcasting audio description. These Assistive Listening Devices with radio receivers are set to the frequency of the broadcast. After patrons turn the radio on, they can adjust the volume.
SIGN LANGUAGE INTERPRETATION
Sign language interpretation can usually be arranged upon request.Requests for sign language interpreters must be received at least two weeks prior to the performance, and are subject to the availability of an interpreter.
To request an ASL interpreter at a Pittsburgh Opera performance, pleaseemail usor call 412-281-0912 x216 for details. If you have specific questions, please feel free to ask your ticketing representative or call the Benedum Center directly at 412-456-2600.
Watch the video below to learn how ASL interpreters enhance the performance for patrons, and why ASL conveys things beyond what our supertitles can do.
Video by Abbie Whitehurst
BRAILLE AND LARGE PRINT PROGRAMS
Large print and Braille programs are available for every performance and may be obtained in the Guest Services Center at the Benedum Center. For performances at the Pittsburgh CAPA Theater and at the Bitz Opera Factory, Braille and Large Print programs may be obtained at the Education table in the lobby.
Patrons who wish to read study guides in advance of performances mayrequest that their email addresses be addedto the Audio Commentary email updates list.
SENSORY WORKSHOPS
Sensory Workshops are held for select productions at the Bitz Opera Factory in the Strip. These workshops examine the story, the music, and the background of the opera. Participants will have a chance to explore the scenery, props, and costumes. Workshops are conducted by the Education Department.
Sensory Workshops are free, but reservations should be made by calling 412-281-0912, ext. 242.
ACCESSIBILITY AT THE BITZ OPERA FACTORY
Notice to those with physical disabilities:
Bitz Opera Factory Wheelchair Locations
Customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated in an aisle space in the George R. White Studio. Since the George R. White Studio is a black-box space, the wheelchair locations vary with the stage configuration. Please give advance notice when ordering tickets.
Bitz Opera Factory Restrooms
Restrooms are located on the same level as the George R. White Studio, and on the second level of the Bitz Opera Factory, which is accessible by elevator.
Pittsburgh Opera Audio Description
Pittsburgh Opera offers anAudio Description servicefor customers with visual impairments during Tuesday performances at the Bitz Opera Factory. Through Assistive Listening Devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes.View or download our Audio Description brochure.ContactWendy Parkuloto purchase tickets that include Audio Description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213.
ACCESSIBILITY AT THE BENEDUM CENTER
Notice to those with physical disabilities:
Benedum Wheelchair Locations
Customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated on the sides of the Main Floor, Rows K and O. Notice must be given prior to purchase.
Benedum Restrooms
Restrooms are located on the Gallery, Promenade, and Mezzanine levels. Restrooms for those with physical disabilities are located on the Grand Lobby Level.
Benedum Audio Description
Pittsburgh Opera offers anAudio Description servicefor customers with visual impairments during Tuesday performances at the Benedum Center. Through the provided Assistive Listening Devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes.View or download our Audio Description brochure.ContactWendy Parkuloto purchase tickets that include Audio Description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213.
Location and contact information for the Benedum Center
ACCESSIBILITY AT PITTSBURGH CAPA SCHOOL
Notice to those with physical disabilities:
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater Wheelchair Locations
Customers with physical disabilities requiring an extra chair or a wheelchair location will be seated on the sides of the Main Floor. Notice must be given prior to purchase.
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater Restrooms
Restrooms are located on the First Floor and Second Floor, with elevator access.
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater Audio Description
Pittsburgh Opera offers anAudio Description servicefor customers with visual impairments during Tuesday performances at CAPA Theater. Through Assistive Listening Devices, you can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes.View or download our Audio Description brochure.ContactWendy Parkuloto purchase tickets that include Audio Description at 412-281-0912, ext. 213.
Location and contact information for Pittsburgh CAPA School Auditorium
ACCESS PARATRANSIT
ACCESSis a coordinated, shared-ride paratransit service, which has been providing door-to-door, advanced reservation transportation in Allegheny County since 1979.
ACCESS offers door-to-door service to all areas of Allegheny County from 6 AM to Midnight, 7 days per week, 365 days per year.
ACCESS service is open to the general public but primarily serves people with disabilities, clients of human service agencies and people aged 65 and over. The ACCESS program is sponsored by Pittsburgh Regional Transit.
Reservations for ACCESS trips are made in advance. Seemyaccessride.comfor details.
If you are taking ACCESS to a Pittsburgh Opera performance, the destinations to use are:

Pittsburgh Opera Group Services | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera offers an unforgettable experience for groups!
A selection of classic works and exciting new productions provides a perfect opportunity to entertain clients or employees, bring your book or language club out on the town, or celebrate a special occasion with friends & family. All you need are six or more people to receive exclusive group discounts and benefits.
If you’re ready to purchase your group tickets at the standard 20% off discountclick here. If you’d like to hear more about special group rates for college and university affiliates, seniors, young professionals, and more please contactWendy Parkulo.
Pittsburgh Opera has something for every group! Please emailWendy Parkulofor questions and more information.

Pittsburgh Opera tickets | Pittsburgh Opera
At Pittsburgh Opera, we offer something for everyone.
Tickets to Pittsburgh Opera’s fantastic season are available in a variety of ways:
Click here for information about accessibility and wheelchair accommodationsat the Bitz Opera Factory, or call 412-281-0912.
SEATING CHARTS
Seating Charts
BYHAM
To view a detailed PDF of the Benedum Center seating chart,click here.
CAPA THEATER
George R. White ("GRW") studio at the Bitz Opera Factory (Pittsburgh Opera headquarters)
The seating layout of the GRW can change from year to year depending on the performance. Below is the seating layout for our 2025 performances ofWoman with Eyes Closed:

Free Childcare Services | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera is offering free childcare to children ages 2-12 at the Sunday matinee performances ofMadama Butterflyat the Benedum Center.
The childcare will take place onsite at the Benedum Center, in its multipurpose room, which will be used exclusively for this service.
There are a limited number of spaces available, and pre-registration is required.To register, you (the parent/guardian of the child) will ‘purchase’ a free childcare ticket when you buy your own ticket to the opera. Your order confirmation email will include a link to a registration form, which includes your seating location, information about any allergies the children have, and other such matters. You must reconfirm the registration information at drop off, andyou must remain in the building during the performance.
The minimum age to attend these opera performances and sit in the audience is six. However,children as young as two will be able to use the childcare service. Children between the ages of six and twelve have the option of seeing the opera with tickets at 50% off or using the childcare service at no charge.Any child using the childcare service must register in advance.
Pittsburgh Opera has worked closely with their partners at thePittsburgh Cultural Trust, which owns and operates the Benedum Center, andPriya Amin, the founder of on-site childcare provider Flexable, to bring this program to life.
FAQS
Where is the childcare provided?
The childcare will take place onsite at the Benedum Center, in its multipurpose room on the second floor, which will be used exclusively for this service.
What are the age limits?
The minimum age to attend these opera performances and sit in the audience is six. However,children as young as two will be able to use the childcare service. Children between the ages of six and twelve have the option of seeing the opera with tickets at 50% off or using the childcare service at no charge.
Do I need to buy a ticket for my child who will be using the childcare service?
Yes, but it's free.Any child using the childcare service must register in advance. Please use the process shown in the "How to add Childcare to your ticket purchase" section below to add Childcare tickets to your shopping cart while you are purchasing your tickets to see the opera performance. You will receive a 'ticket' for the childcare which the usher will scan when you enter the Benedum just like they'll scan your ticket to the performance.
Once I order my childcare ticket, am I done?
Not quite. Your order confirmation email will include a link to an online registration form to fill out. This form will ask for information about things such as your seating location, the child's name and age, any allergies the children have, and other such matters. You will need to fill out and submit that form in advance. The form includes a liability waiver, which you can read in the "Liability Waiver" section of this webpage. The parent/guardian must reconfirm the registration information at drop off, andremain in the building during the performance.
When do I drop off and pick up my child?
The Benedum Center opens 1 hour 15 minutes before the performance starts. You may drop your child off anytime after the Benedum opens up until the beginning of the performance. You are welcome to visit your child during intermission if you wish. Children must be picked up within 10 minutes of the performance’s ending. Children may only be released to the person that signed them in to the childcare area. NO EXCEPTIONS.
After I drop my kid off, can I duck across the street for a bite to eat before the show starts?
No! In fact, double No.The parent/guardian must remain in the building during the performance.
Can I bring toys or books or games, or their favorite stuffed animal, for my child to use?
Yes, provided you adhere to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust'sBag Policyand theirProhibited Items policy. Pittsburgh Opera will have a range of age-appropriate activities available for your child to use.
Will there be food provided?
Parents may feed their children snacks, e.g. during intermission, but the childcare providers will not provide food to the children. Please note that parents must follow thePittsburgh Cultural Trusts' outside food and beverage policy.
What about bathrooms and dirty diapers?
Childcare staff will cover diaper changes and/or accompany kids to the bathroom unless the parent requests otherwise.Parents must bring their child's diapers/wipes/pullups.
My child takes medication every afternoon. Will you give my child their regular daily medication?
No, medications will not be administered by childcare staff.
HOW TO ADD CHILDCARE TO YOUR TICKET PURCHASE
Step 1- After selecting a ticket toMadama Butterflyon our online ticketing websiteopera.culturaldistrict.organd adding it to your cart, click on the "click here if you would like to add free child care" link.
(See screenshot examples from last year's inaugural childcare program atLa Traviatabelow:)
Step 2- Once you are on the Childcare page, shown below, click the "Get Tickets" button
Step 3- Use the "How Many Tickets" dropdown menu to select the number of children who will be receiving childcare, and click 'add to cart'. In the unlikely event that you have more than nine children, pleaseemail us.
Step 4- You will now see the Childcare in your cart, and can complete the checkout process as usual.
MEET THE TEAM
Our team of certified childcare providers is looking forward to meeting your child. All have extensive experience caring for children and are up-to-date on all their clearances. Learn more about our team members below.
Alex Sanders
Alex Sanders: My name is Alex and I’m a proud wife and momma of two– one 11-month old baby girl, Kinsley and her four-legged friend, Jade. Our favorite activities include spending time in the sun, making new friends, and cooking new meals!
Cory Riddle
Cory Riddle: Above all else, I love to teach and learn, and consider the two intricately intertwined, as the best teachers I have had were all continual students. In my free time, I enjoy reading, writing, nature, sports, and working on various creative endeavors, from podcasts to haikus to songwriting. While I have the most experience in history and literature, I also try to focus on STEAM lessons and activities, and always try to cultivate creative expression with students.
Debbie Molinari
Debbie Molinari: My name is Debbie Molinari. I live in Mt. Lebanon & have three grown children.  I worked as an elementary school aide in the Mt. Lebanon School district for six years, & have worked for Mt. Lebanon Extended Day Program for 13 years.
Michelle Pierce
Michelle Pierce: Hi, I am a former Elementary and Preschool Teacher. I have two children and a dachshund named Chloe. I enjoy traveling, shopping and watching my son play college baseball.
Katie Wills
Katie Wills: I have 10 years + of experience working with kids and families. Got my associates degree in teaching right before the pandemic started. I’m a Nanny and pet/house sitter. I love playing games, arts and crafts, reading.
LIABILITY WAIVER
The following Liability Waiver is part of the online registration form the parent/guardian must fill out to register their child(ren).
Liability Waiver
I understand and affirm that by signing this Childcare Waiver of Liability, I release and hold harmless Pittsburgh Opera, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, and their respective owners, directors, officers, advisors, employees, agents, affiliates, instructors, volunteers, childcare workers, and all other persons or entities acting for them from any and all liability, losses, damages, harms, claims, demands, suits, attorneys’ fees, costs, and expenses, in connection with or arising out of childcare services provided to me and my child(ren), including but not limited to: personal injury, bodily harm, illness, death, other injury, property damage, or any other harm occurring while the above child/children is/are in their care at this event or otherwise related to any childcare services.
I acknowledge that I understand and have evaluated the risks associated with any childcare services, and I have elected to use the child care provided by Pittsburgh Opera with full knowledge and acceptance of the risks. I understand that none of the following entities or persons, including Pittsburgh Opera, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust, the event hosts, the event sponsors, or  the event location managers/owners  provide insurance coverage for accidents or injury sustained by my child(ren).
I agree that my use of child care provided at this event and my child(ren)’s participation in any related activities shall be undertaken by me or my children at our sole risk, and Pittsburgh Opera and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust shall not be liable for any injuries or any damages to me, or my children, or be subject to any claim, demand, lawsuit, attorneys’ fees, costs, damages, or any other liability  whatsoever, irrespective of cause or origin. Additionally, Pittsburgh Opera and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust shall not be responsible or liable for articles damaged, lost, or stolen related to my child(ren)’s participation in any childcare services.
I grant permission to Pittsburgh Opera to take photographs and/or video of me and/or my child(ren) at this event and to use any such materials in publications, news releases, online, and in other communications related to the mission of Pittsburgh Opera.  Pittsburgh Opera shall have no obligation to provide me with any notice or compensation related to its use of any such materials.
I HEREBY ATTEST THAT I HAVE 1) READ AND UNDERSTAND THE ABOVE RELEASE AND 2) THAT I HAVE RECEIVED, READ AND UNDERSTAND THE RULES, REGULATIONS, POLICIES AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING CHILD CARE WHILE AT THIS EVENT.
Signature:
Date:

Give the Gift of Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Give the gift of opera!
From classics to new American operas, there's a performance at Pittsburgh Opera for everyone on your list.
Gift Cards:
Pittsburgh Opera gift cards are always the right size and color! Purchase Pittsburgh Opera gift cards now for a special someone. Gift cards don't expire. Your gift recipient can visit our website and decide which production is most interesting to them!
Visitwww.pittsburghopera.org/giftcardto buy a gift card. For questions and more information, contacttickets@pittsburghopera.orgor 412-281-0912, ext. 3.

Free Rideshare Vouchers | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera is debuting an innovative rideshare voucher program to make it easier for patrons to get to and from their opera performances.
The rideshare program will let Pittsburgh Opera ticket buyers forArmidaand/orMadama Butterflyadd $60 ofUber Vouchersto their Pittsburgh Opera ticket purchase, at no extra cost.
A limited number of Uber Vouchers are available for each performance; the offer is valid while supplies last.
Patrons must have anUberaccount to redeem the vouchers. The vouchers can be used on the opera’s performance date, for rides that start or end within a half-mile radius of the theater.
HOW TO ADD A RIDESHARE VOUCHER TO YOUR TICKET PURCHASE:
1. After selecting the Pittsburgh Opera performance you’d like to see on our online ticketing websiteopera.culturaldistrict.organd adding it to your cart, click on the “Rideshare Voucher Program” link in the “Add Rideshare” box:
(See screenshot examples from last year's inaugural rideshare program atLa Traviatabelow:)
2. Click on the “Get Tickets” link on the Rideshare Voucher Program page:
3. Select the date of your performance – please be sure it matches the performance you are purchasing tickets for:
4. Select “1” from the “How Many Tickets” drop-down menu:
You will then see the Rideshare Voucher added to your cart, along with your ticket to the performance.
You can then check Check Out as usual.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
Please note that for the vouchers to work correctly,either your email address or phone number in your CulturalDistrict.org account must match the email address or phone number you use in your Uber account.Uber will ‘match’ you by comparing the email addresses and phone numbers in our recipient lists with their own account records.
At least 72 hours prior to your performance, Pittsburgh Opera will add you to our voucher recipient list in our Uber for Business account. You will receive an email from Uber notifying you about the Voucher, which may look like this:
Once you accept the voucher through Uber’s direct invitation, the voucher will be added to your Uber account. Then the voucher will automatically be applied to rides that match the voucher criteria. If you spend more than the voucher covers, Uber will charge any overage to your personal payment method.
Recipients must have a personal payment method (excluding vouchers) on file in their Uber account in case of overages, and recipients should make sure that the voucher has started, isn’t expired, and is valid for the time and location. Recipients can always reach out to Uber through in-app support, and a specialized team will help them.
Please note that when you book your ride, Uber may make you 'select' your personal payment method, like shown below, even though you are using your voucher. We are not sure why they do this. But as long as your ride meets the voucher criteria, they should not actually charge your card unless the ride exceeds the value of your voucher. If Uber does charge you anyway, pleasecontact usand we will happily resolve it for you.
FAQS
When can I use the voucher?The voucher will come with specific date and time information; it can only be used during that date and time. The date will be the date of your Pittsburgh Opera performance. Pittsburgh Opera builds in a cushion of several hours before and after the show when the voucher can be used, so that if you want to go to dinner downtown before the show or do something else nearby afterwards, you can.
Do I have to be dropped off or picked up at the actual theater?Nope. Your ride must either originate from or finish within a half-mile radius of the theater. If you want to be dropped off at a nearby restaurant, or picked up from a watering hole around the corner a few hours after the show, that’s fine.
What if my rides end up costing more than $60?You will be responsible for paying any amounts above $60; Uber will charge your payment method already on file. Recipients must have a personal payment method (excluding vouchers) on file in their Uber account in case of overages.
What if my rides end up costing less than $60, can I keep the leftover credit?Sorry, no. The credits can only be used for rides to/from your opera performance. If your ride is less than $60, we recommend you be happy that your whole ride was free.
Will Pittsburgh Opera schedule my ride for me?No. Patrons are responsible for scheduling their own rides. Pittsburgh Opera does not arrange or deliver the actual rides. We are merely providing funds for you to use.
I'm not sure how to use Uber. Should I call Pittsburgh Opera?No. The good people atUberknow much more about setting up and using Uber accounts than we do. We recommend you explore theirSupport Resources for Uber Riders webpage, or ask your friends or relatives who use Uber.
Can I use Lyft instead of Uber?Currently Pittsburgh Opera’s rideshare voucher program exclusively uses Uber.
Can I use some of my voucher for Uber Eats?Pittsburgh Opera’s rideshare voucher program is specifically for rides, not food.
I already bought a ticket to the opera – can I add an Uber Voucher now?Rideshare vouchers can only be added to new ticket purchases; the offer is not valid on past ticket purchases.
What if I don’t receive my voucher?Please double check that the phone number and email address in your Uber account match the ones in your CulturalDistrict.org account. Pleaseemail uswithin 48 hours of your performance with your name, contact information, and order number and we can verify if you were added as a voucher recipient.
I got my voucher, and even though I scheduled my ride to the theater within the specified timeframe, Uber looks like they're making me pay for my ride with my credit/debit card. What's the deal?
As we were testing the voucher program, we noticed that when you book your ride, Uber may make you 'select' your personal payment method, like shown here, even though you are using your voucher. We are not sure why they do this. But as long as your ride meets the voucher criteria, they should not actually charge your card unless the ride exceeds the value of your voucher.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Patrons are responsible for scheduling their own rides. Pittsburgh Opera does not arrange or deliver the actual rides. Pittsburgh Opera is not responsible for any ride-related issues, e.g. the driver failing to arrive on time; the car gets a flat tire, you’re stuck in traffic and miss the beginning of the performance, etc.
A limited number of Uber Vouchers are available for each performance; the offer is valid while supplies last.
Rideshare vouchers can be added to new ticket purchases only; offer not valid on past ticket purchases.

Student Tickets | Pittsburgh Opera
Student matinee of The Marriage of Figaro
University students, faculty, and staff can save money on Pittsburgh Opera tickets withCheap Seats,Student Rush, orGroup Tickets. University students can also get involved as aPittsburgh Opera student ambassador.
Cheap Seats
Cheap Seats is the easy and affordable way for students, faculty, and staff at our partner colleges and universities to enjoy great opera. Use thediscount codesfor your school to receive the special discounted rate.
Student Rush – Half Price Seats!
Starting2 hoursbefore every performance, students with valid school ID can go to the Benedum Center Box Office and purchase up to two tickets for any available seats for half price.
Get a Group Together for Special Discounts
Groups of 6 or more students, faculty, and staff can get great group prices and all the benefits of traditional groups. ContactWendy Parkulofor more information.
Other Student Discounts
Students in grades K-12 are eligible for half-price children's tickets.

Promotions and Discounts | Pittsburgh Opera
Moby-Dick, 2018
Looking for a student, senior, or other discount? Listed below are the active promotions and discounts available.
Any group of 6 or more is eligible fordiscounted group tickets. Please seeour Group Tickets page, oremail our Group Sales ManagerWendy Parkulo, for questions and more information.
STUDENTS AND EDUCATORS
YOUNG PROFESSIONALS
SENIORS
MILITARY DISCOUNT
Active duty and retired military are eligible for 20% off tickets to all Pittsburgh Opera productions. These tickets are available online with the promo codePOMILITARY, at the Box Office, or by calling 412-456-6666. These tickets will be held at will call and a valid military ID must be shown when picking up the tickets. The buyer must be active duty or retired military but additional tickets in the order may be used by anyone the buyer would like to bring.

Opus Pass | Pittsburgh Opera
A full year of unlimited opera for one low monthly price!
Pittsburgh Opera’s 2024-25 Opus Pass is your ticket to see as many live opera performances as you want all season.
For one low monthly price, you get a year’s worth of unlimited admission to every performance of all our operas, subject to availability. This includes our operas at the Benedum Center, Byham Theater, Calvary Episcopal Church, and our headquarters the Bitz Opera Factory. Not only can you see every opera we produce all season, but you can see and hear the same show more than once, so you can appreciate it from different vantage points and enjoy focusing on new aspects of the performance.
The Pittsburgh Opera Opus Pass gives you the utmost flexibility, and can pay for itself after as few as two performances.
Plus, gain access toOpera Passportby OPERA America which extends the benefits of your hometown subscription to dozens of opera companies across North America. Learn more about Opera Passport by OPERA America and view the list of participating companies atoperaamerica.org/OperaPassport.
You can order your Opus Pass by calling 412-281-0912 ext. 3 ororder online.
To use your Opus Pass for tickets to specific performances, simplyemailus, fill out your Opus Pass Ticket Redemption Form, or call us at 412-281-0912 ext. 3 as early as five days or as late as three hours before the performance, then pick up your tickets at Will Call. You must show Photo ID when picking up your tickets. For performances at the Pittsburgh CAPA Theater and the Bitz Opera Factory, you will be given the best seats available at the time they’re issued. For performances at the Benedum Center and the Byham Theater, you will be given the best available seats, excluding Zone A. Specific seat assignments are not guaranteed.
See the FAQs below for more information. Have a question that isn't covered on this page? Call us at calling 412-281-0912 ext. 3 oremail us.
FAQS - PRICING/BILLING
How much does an Opus Pass cost?
The Pittsburgh Opera Opus Pass costs $20 a month.
Subscribers can add an Opus Pass Subscription Add On to their traditional seated subscription package for an extra $5 a month. For more information about the Opus Pass Subscription Add On, please see the 'FAQs - Opus Pass Subscription Add On' section below.
How do I buy an Opus Pass?
You can buy a Pittsburgh Opera Opus Pass by calling 412-281-0912 ext. 3, or you canorder online.
How long does my Opus Pass last?
Pittsburgh Opera Opus Passes are valid for one year from its date of issue. Your Opus Pass will automatically renew unless you take action to make changes or cancel.
When does my Opus Pass 'start'?
What if I buy an Opus Pass after the season is already underway?
Since your Pittsburgh Opera Opus Passes is valid for one year from its date of issue, you will be able to use your Pass for any Pittsburgh Opera performances in the following season that fall within one year of purchase.
For example, if you purchase a Pass in December 2024, you will be able to use it for all our remaining 2024-25 Season performances, as well as our October and November 2024 performances, even though they are part of our 2025-26 season.
How do you bill me?
Your credit card will be charged once each calendar month.
Patrons who buy an Opus Pass will be charged monthly from date of purchase.
Can I pay for the whole year upfront?
Yes. If you choose our one-time payment option, you will save $20, i.e. you will get one month free.
My credit card's expiration date is before my Opus Pass expires. What should I do?
Please call us at 412-281-0912 ext. 3 with your updated credit card information prior to your card expiring.
Is it possible to cancel my Opus Pass before it expires?
If you need to cancel your Opus Pass before it expires, you can choose to receive a refund for the difference in value between what you've paid so far for your Pass and the normal single ticket face value price of any tickets you redeemed.
For example, if you had been a Passholder for six months and paid $120 for your Pass so far, and you'd redeemed your Pass for one ticket which had a regular price of $110, you would be eligible for a $10 refund.
If you have redeemed your Pass for tickets whose normal face values totals more than you've paid so far for your Pass, then Pittsburgh Opera reserves the right to charge you for the difference. For example, if you buy a Pass, immediately redeem it for a ticket, and then after the performance you cancel your Pass, we will charge you the difference between the regular ticket price and the $20 you paid for your Pass. The Opus Pass is a great value, we just want to make sure folks don't try to game the system - not thatyouwould ever do that of course!
All future ticket reservations will be forfeited upon cancellation of membership. There are no refunds retroactively after your Pass expires.
FAQS - TICKET REDEMPTION
How do I redeem my Pass for a ticket to a specific performance?
Simplyemail us, fill out your Opus Pass Ticket Redemption Form, or call us at 412-281-0912 ext. 3 as early as five days or as late as 3 hours prior to the performance.
How far in advance can I redeem my Pass for a specific performance?
Ticket redemption opens five days before each performance and is available up to three hours before showtime.
Where will you seat me?
For performances at the Benedum Center and Byham Theater, you will be given the best available seats, excluding Zone A. Specific seat assignments are not guaranteed.
Can I request a specific seating location?
Yes. You can specify whether you prefer to sit on the Orchestra Level (i.e. the main floor) or the Balcony Level, whether you prefer to be on House Left, House Right, on or close to an aisle vs. in the middle of a row, etc. You can also request to be seated next to other specific Opus Passholders or ticketholders, e.g. 'Please seat me next to my friend Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart'. If you need an accessible seat, e.g. for a wheelchair, please let us know.Pittsburgh Opera will do our best to honor specific seating requests. But please know that specific seat assignments are not guaranteed, and are subject to availability.
Where do I pick up my tickets?
At Will Call. Please remember to bring photo ID.
What if a performance is already sold out?
If a performance is already sold out when a Passholder tries to redeem their Pass for a ticket, they will have the option of being placed on the Wait List, and will be eligible to use tickets released by other patrons.
What if I end up not being able to attend a performance I redeemed my Pass for?
We understand that unexpected circumstances may prevent you from attending a performance which you've redeemed your Pass for. If that happens, please let us know at least one hour prior to the performance so that we can release your ticket. Passholders who repeatedly request tickets and do not use them without notifying us in advance may have their Pass revoked at the discretion of Pittsburgh Opera.
FAQS - GENERAL QUESTIONS
Can I give my Opus Pass to someone else when I'm not using it?
No. Pittsburgh Opera Opus Passes are non-transferable. You must show Photo ID when picking up your tickets.
I normally buy two tickets to the opera - one for me and one for my partner or friend. Do we each need our own Opus Pass if we want to go to the same performances together?
It depends.
I want to buy two Opus Passes and bring a different friend to each performance. Can I?
No. Households with more than one Opus Pass will need to assign a name to each Pass. However, Passholders can purchase additional tickets to any given performance at a 10% discount over the regular single ticket price, and your seats will be together.
Can I buy extra tickets when I redeem my Pass for a performance?
Yes! Passholders can purchase additional tickets to any performance, subject to availability, at a 10% discount over the regular single ticket price. Your seats will be together.
I’d like to order an Opus Pass for a friend as a gift. Can I?
Yes! Please call us at 412-281-0912 ext. 3 and we will be happy to help you.
Can I order a bunch of tickets with my Opus Pass and then turn around and sell them?
No! Tickets reserved through the Opus Pass are intended for use by the Passholder, and may not be resold. Passholders found to have violated this policy are subject to having their Passes revoked without refund.
Is my Opus Pass good for Pittsburgh Opera's galas or other paid events?
Your Pittsburgh Opera Opus Pass is good for all our staged operas. It does not include admission to our galas (theDiamond Horseshoe BallandMaecenas) or paid special events such as our annualFashion Show- tickets for those must be purchased separately.
FAQS - OPUS PASS SUBSCRIPTION ADD ON
I am a Pittsburgh Opera subscriber who wants to keep my seats. Can I get an Opus Pass?
Yes! You can get our Opus Pass Subscription Add On for just an extra $5 a month. Subscribers who elect the Add On will keep their existing seats for their primary performance, but aren’t guaranteed those same seats for the performances seen with their Opus Pass. The Opus Pass Subscription Add On is a great way to see your favorites more than once and to check out different locations in the theater for a very low price.
Can I get the Opus Pass Subscription Add On if I modify my subscription?
If you maintain your 2023-24 subscription package for 2024-25, or if you add an extra opera to your package or upgrade your seating zone, you can add the Opus Pass Subscription Add On. But if you 'downgrade', for example go from a 2023-24 Quartet to a 2024-25 Duet package, you cannot add the Opus Pass Subscription Add On.
Do I pay for my Opus Pass Add On upfront, or am I billed monthly?
Subscribers who select a Opus Pass Add On will have the $60 annual cost for their Pass added to their order total, which can be paid all at once or in installments.
Can I still get an Opus Pass Add On if I subscribe after the 2024-25 season is underway?
Yes. Your Opus Pass Add On would be valid for the remainder of the 2024-25 season. We would charge you $5/month for the remaining months of the season, i.e. a pro-rated portion of the $60 annual cost.
If I have to cancel my Subscription, what happens to my Opus Pass Add On?
If a subscriber cancels their subscription, their Opus Pass Add On will be canceled too. They will be eligible to purchase a Opus Pass at the regular price of $20/month.

Pittsburgh Opera FAQs | Pittsburgh Opera
Here are some questions people ask us all the time.
Have a question that’s not asked or answered here? Feel free to give us a call at 412-281-0912 during office hours.
How much do tickets cost?
Click here to explore season ticket options.
How long will the opera be?
You can find the running time for each opera we present on its main website page, under "Details and Resources."
What's a good show for opera newbies this season?
Typically first-timers like to start with classics likeMadama Butterfly(coming March, 2024) at the Benedum Center. They've got famous and familiar music, fantastic casts, traditional sets and costumes, and, well, that grand-opera grandness that so many people love.
You'll understand every word with the English texts projected above the stage.
Is it OK to bring kids to the opera?
Of course! Opera is fun for the whole family. We have kids who come to our student matinees and then make their parents come back so they can see the show again. The main thing is that your child should be able to sit quietly for long periods of time. Third or fourth graders are usually fine, but parents are the best judge. Pittsburgh Opera sells tickets for kids and teens ages 6-18 for half-price, to make it easier for you to expose them to this wonderful art form.
Some operas – OK, most operas – have adult themes. Murder, revenge, lust – all that stuff that grown-ups find so interesting. Kids do best if you prepare them in advance. Tell them the story of the opera, play some of the music, or watch a few videos onYouTube. Have your little Warhols and Cassatts draw pictures of their favorite characters or imagine what the set might be like. Be creative!
Is there any special etiquette I should know about?
A little common courtesy is all you need. It probably bothers you when people talk and rattle their candy wrappers at the movies, or talk on their phones, or show up late, or get up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the show. If something is considered poor form at the movies, it's probably poor form at the opera too.
If you’re not sure when to clap, just wait until everybody else does. If you really like what you hear, yell, “Bravo!” Or just cheer!
Is Pittsburgh Opera still performing at the Benedum Center?
Yes! Our mainstage productions are at the Benedum Center. Our 2023-24 season featuresThe Barber of Seville,The Flying Dutchman, andLa Traviataat the Benedum Centerlive and large on the grand stage.
Can I park near the theater?
Here's information about parking near each of our performance venues.
Parking near the Benedum CenterThe are several parking garages within a few blocks of the Benedum Center.
You can get real-time parking availability atParkPGH.
Parking near CAPA TheaterSince the demolition of the old parking garage at 9th and Penn, the closest sizable lots are:
Parking near Bitz Opera FactoryStreet parking is generally available on Penn Avenue, and there is a surface lot at 24th and Penn, right beside Harp & Fiddle.
What time should I arrive for the show?
We typically suggest you arrive 30 - 45 minutes before the start time in order to find parking, find your seat, and settle in.
How can I learn more about the productions?
We’ve got lots of ways to get you tuned in. Try the freePre-Opera Talkswith Kristin Gatch one hour before every curtain at Benedum Center and CAPA Theater performances. You'll hear the story of the opera, some background about the composer, and maybe some behind-the-scenes stories.
Meet the Artistsis after each Tuesday performance. Enjoy great coversation as the singers, conductor and General Director Christopher Hahn talk about the production and their experiences. You may be surprised to see how funny and down-to-earth these artists really are.
Can’t wait until showtime? Then tune in to 89.3 FM or visit the WQED-FM website for WQED’sPittsburgh Opera Preview Show.
Gotta have the information right now? Check out the show page for the opera you’re interested in, and explore! You’ll find the story, music and video, cast biographies, and other features. If that’s still not enough, give us a call during office hours: 412-281-0912, ext. 3.
Do you have services for people with visual impairments?
Yes!Audio Descriptionis available for people with visual impairments during the second Tuesday performance during the 2020-21 season.
Using hearing devices, you can hear the supertitles read along with descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. We also haveBraille and large-print program summariesavailable.
To arrange seating and take advantage of special pricing for Audio Description seats, call Regina Connolly ahead of time at 412-281-0912, ext. 213. For other accessibility information,click here.
Where's the theater? Where's the Box Office? What about wheelchair access?
Click the location links below for Google maps.
The Benedum CenterThe Benedum Center is Pittsburgh Opera's principal stage, at the corner of Penn Avenue & 7th Street in downtown Pittsburgh's Cultural District.
• TheCultural District Box Officeat Theater Square is at 665 Penn Avenue, downtown Pittsburgh. Phone: 412-456-6666.• The Benedum Center Box Office is located in the Benedum Center, just inside the lobby doors. It's open 2 hours before each production.
CAPA TheaterCAPA Theater is located in Pittsburgh Creative & Performing Arts School, at the corner of Ft. Duquesne and 9th Street in downtown Pittsburgh.Bitz Opera FactoryThe Bitz Opera Factory in the Strip is between Penn and Liberty and between 24th and 25th streets.
The August Wilson African American Cultural CenterThe AWAACC is located in downtown Pittsburgh's Cultural District at 908 Liberty Ave.Click here for information about wheelchair access and other accessibility accommodations at our performance locations.
How can I bring a group?
Groups of 6 or more are eligible for a group discount.
Final payment is due 3 weeks prior to the selected performance so that the tickets can be mailed in advance. A group’s ticket count may be changed until final payment is made. Although we will make every effort to seat groups together, it cannot be guaranteed and so we recommend making reservations as early as possible. After final payment is processed, tickets may not be refunded, returned, or exchanged.
For moreinformation about group tickets, please contactgroups@pittsburghopera.org.
Can I bring a bag into the Benedum Center?
The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust has implemented new security and bag policies, effective starting October 1, 2016, at the Benedum Center and their other venues.
You canread their Safety & Security statement, which includes anupdated list of prohibited items, andread their Bag Policy, ontheir website.
What are your COVID-19 policies?
We are glad you asked! Learn all about our COVID-19 health and safety measureshere!
We update this page regularly, so be sure to check back before attending a performance for the most up-to-date information.

Cheap Seats
Iphigenie in Tauride, 2024
Cheap Seats
Cheap Seats is the easy and affordable way for students, faculty, and staff at our partner colleges to enjoy great opera. Discounts range from up to60% off for studentsand up to50% off for faculty and stafffor select seating in our most popular seating areas. All you need is a valid college ID!
For University of Pittsburgh students, we proudly partner with Pitt Arts. In addition to online ordering, members of the Pitt community can go to Pitt Arts at the William Pitt Union, and fill out a Cheap Seats order form. For more information visitPitt Arts.
Find your college below, and your CheapSeats discount will be pre-applied at checkout. If your college is not listed below, or if you have any questions, please contactWendy Parkulo, 412-281-0912, ext. 213
Find Your College A - E
Click on the name of your college to purchase Cheap Seats.
Allegheny College
Baldwin-Wallace College
Bethany College
California University
Carlow University
Carnegie Mellon University
Chatham University
Clarion University
Community College of Allegheny County
Davis & Elkins College
Duquesne University
Edinboro University
Find Your College F - R
Click on the name of your college to purchase Cheap Seats.
Fairmont State University
Franciscan University of Steubenville
Geneva College
Glenville State University
Grove City College
Hiram College
Indiana University
Juniata College
Kent State - East Liverpool
Kenyon College
La Roche University
Marshall UniversityMercyhurst University
Mount Aloysius College
Mt. Union College
Oberlin Conservatory
Ohio University - Jefferson County
Penn State University
Pitt Arts
Pittsburgh Institute of Mortuary Science
Pittsburgh Theological Seminary
Point Park University
Robert Morris University
Find Your College S - Z
Click on the name of your college to purchase Cheap Seats.
Saint Francis University
Saint Vincent College
Seton Hill University
Shippensburg University
Slippery Rock University
SUNY Fredonia
Thiel College
Trinity School for Ministry
University of Akron
University of Pittsburgh
Washington & Jefferson College
Waynesburg University
West Liberty University
West Virginia University
West Virginia Wesleyan
Westminster College
Wheeling University
Youngstown State University

Pittsburgh Opera Season Tickets | Pittsburgh Opera
Subscribe online24/7, or call 412-281-0912 ext 3 between 9AM-5PM Monday through Friday.
Subscribe to our 2024-25 season:
Subscribe to our 2025-26 season:
You mayorder season tickets onlineor by calling 412-281-0912 ext 3 between 9AM-5PM Monday through Thursday and 9AM-1PM on Friday.  Questions may also be sent tosubscriptions@pittsburghopera.org.
PERFORMANCE DATES LOCATIONS
2024-25
2025-26
Learn about accessibility and wheelchair accommodations at Pittsburgh Opera’s performance space onour Accessibility webpage. Or call 412-281-0912.
PERFORMANCE TIMES
Opera Performance Times
2024-25
2025-26
SUBSCRIBER BENEFITS
​We Love Our Subscribers!
Great benefits include:
SUBSCRIPTION PACKAGES AND PRICES
Subscription Packages
Trio:La Boheme, Fellow Travelers, and Falstaff
Duet:La Boheme and Falstaff
Subscription Prices
Subscription prices start at just $35.50.Click here to view subscription prices, subscription package options, and detailed seating charts.
SEATING CHARTS
Seating Charts
To view a detailed PDF of the Benedum Center seating chart,click here.
Byham Theater
Pittsburgh CAPA Theater
George R. White ("GRW") studio at the Bitz Opera Factory (Pittsburgh Opera headquarters)
The seating layout of the GRW can change from year to year depending on the performance. Below is the seating layout forWoman with Eyes Closed.

