Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artists | Pittsburgh Opera
Hailed as one of the country's leading training programs for young artists, Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program provides professional development during a two-year session.
The Program
Each year, exceptional young singers are selected by audition from more than 800 applicants.
While honing their vocal skills and expanding their repertoire,Resident Artist Singersstudy languages, diction, movement, and acting. Performance opportunities include principal roles in fully-staged Resident Artist productions, comprimario roles and principal cover roles in Pittsburgh Opera mainstage productions.
TheResident Artist Stage Directorserves as Director for a resident artist production, Assistant Director for all mainstage operas, and stages Song Shop Concerts and other events throughout the season.
TheResident Artist Pianistserves as a rehearsal pianist, orchestra pit pianist for select productions, accompanies community engagement events, and receives invaluable mentorship from Pittsburgh Opera’s Music Director and Music Staff.
Watch this video to hear from current and past Resident Artists, and Pittsburgh Opera Artistic staff, about the program:
The Resident Artists entertain kids and their families at Children's Hospital at holiday time.
Resident Artists perform comprimario roles on the main stage.
Resident Artists perform lead roles in our baroque and Second Stage productions.
Our Resident Artists perform in our Song Shop concerts, which are free and open to everyone.
Resident Artists are also the headliners at our formal fundraising events such as Maecenas and Diamond Horseshoe Ball.
The Resident Artists entertain kids and their families at Children's Hospital at holiday time.
Resident Artists perform comprimario roles on the main stage.

Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Auditions | Pittsburgh Opera
David Bachman Photography.
Resident Artist Auditions
Download the PDF of this announcement here.
Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program has long been hailed as one of the country's leading training programs for emerging opera artists and administrators. While providing guidance from the opera industry’s leaders and innovators, the program guides singers through the development of their vocal skills, improvement of their stage presence, and expansion of their repertoire. Each year, exceptional singers from around the world are selected to enter the program through live auditions in Cincinnati, New York City, and Pittsburgh, and since 2020, through a virtual audition option. Each applicant must demonstrate significant operatic potential and thorough musical and theatrical training.
Applications for Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program will be available fromAugust 6 – September 3, 2024. To apply, complete our online application via YAP Tracker at the link below:
2025-27 Resident Artist Program: Singer Application (yaptracker.com)
REMINDER: The deadline to apply isTuesday, September 3, 2024.
You do not need to be a paying subscriber to YAP Tracker to use the application form, although you will need an account (guest accounts are available; see the website for details). If you need help completing the application or using YAP Tracker, please visithttps://www.yaptracker.com/more/help/getting-started/or email their help desk directly athelp@yaptracker.com.
Required Application Materials:
There is no fee to apply for Pittsburgh Opera's Resident Artist Program.
Live and Virtual Auditions:We will be holding our annual live audition tour in Cincinnati, New York City, and Pittsburgh. In addition, we will again offer video auditions. We encourage live auditions whenever possible, but welcome those who are unavailable or unable to sing in-person at one of our audition locations to apply for a video audition.
Applicants will be notified if they are granted an audition byFriday, October 18, 2024.
For live auditions, applicants should be prepared to sing, from memory, five (5) contrasting arias demonstrating French, German, English, and Italian language aptitude. Applicants are required to submit a repertoire list within the application, but audition repertoire may be amended at a later date.
Applicants who are granted a virtual audition will be required to record and submit two (2) selections in one continuous video recording (without stopping the camera). Repertoire for virtual auditions will be selected by the singer. Guidelines for repertoire selection and video production will be provided.
Virtual applicants should apply in the same manner as live audition applicants, indicating “Virtual Audition” in the drop-down menus for location.
Audition Locations and Dates:
Virtual: Applicants who are granted a virtual audition must submit their audition video byFriday, November 15, 2024.
Cincinnati, OH:Tuesday, December 3  – Wednesday, December 4, 2024
Pittsburgh, PA:Friday, December 6 - Saturday, December 7, 2024
New York, NY:Tuesday, December 10 – Thursday, December 12, 2024
Term and Compensation:Applicants accepted to Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program will be under exclusive contractfrom September 2024 through May 2025(Dates TBC). Resident Artists are expected to participate in the program for two consecutive seasons.
Forthe 2024-25 season, Resident Artist Singers will receive a stipend of$825.00/week for 36 weeks, AGMA rates for mainstage roles, and assistance with relocation expenses and professional development.
RESIDENT ARTIST FAQ
Download a PDF of this FAQ here.
Who is on the audition panel?
Christopher Hahn, General Director; Robert Boldin, Director of Artistic Operations; Mark Trawka, Director of Musical Studies.
Is there an age limit to participate in Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program?
There is not an official age limit, but most of our Resident Artists are in their 20’s and early 30’s. Singers are more likely to be granted an audition if they are about to or have recently completed formal academic training, but this is not a requirement to be considered for the program.
Do I need to be a U.S. citizen to attend the program?
Pittsburgh Opera will not apply for a visa on your behalf. If you have a current visa that will allow you to work in the United States for the full two-year program, we encourage you to apply.
What do I need to record? Do you have any guidance on how to record my selections?
Applicants are required to submit two (2) video recordings of selections in contrasting styles and languages recording within the last six months. One must be an opera aria; one may be a performance recording, if desired. Recordings may be made with either live accompaniment or a pre-recorded track.
For Opera America's resources on Remote Auditions please visit:
Opera America - 2020 Remote Audition GuidelinesOpera America - Audio Gear Recommendations
When will I find out if I have been selected for a live or virtual audition?
Notifications for both live and virtual auditions will be sent on Friday, October 18, 2024.
If I’m granted a virtual audition, what do I need to record?
Applicants who are granted a virtual audition will be required to record and submit two selections in one continuous video recording (without stopping the camera). This video MUST be recorded on or after September 4, 2024.
Repertoire for video auditions will be selected by the singer. We strongly recommend submitting contrasting selections, and preferably ones that you did not submit with your original application. Guidelines for repertoire selection and video production will be provided.
The deadline for submitting a virtual audition video isNovember 15, 2024.
What if I need to change my live audition date/time?
First, you should try to find a colleague who is willing to switch with you. Once you have made the switch, e-mail Matthew Hrdlicka, Artistic Coordinator, to notify him of the change. If you cannot make the switch yourself, please contactMatthew Hrdlickaand best efforts will be made to accommodate your request.
If I need to cancel my live audition, can I submit virtual audition materials instead?
If you need to cancel your live audition but would like to be considered virtually, please contactMatthew Hrdlicka, Artistic Coordinator.
How many arias will I sing?
If you are selected for a live audition, you will sing one aria of your choice. If you are selected for a call back audition, you will sing two additional arias – one of your choice, followed by one aria of the panel’s choice.If you are selected for a virtual audition, you will sing two arias of your choice.
What if I don’t know an aria in every language requested?
You should sing the arias you are most comfortable performing.
What if I want to change my audition repertoire?
If you are selected for a live audition, you may update your repertoire at any time via YAP Tracker or submit a new repertoire list at the time of your audition. Virtual applicants selected for the second round will be required to re-submit a repertoire list for consideration by the panel.
What materials do I need to bring for the audition panel?
The panel will have all materials submitted with your application. If you have an updated repertoire list or resume, you may submit it to the monitor at the time of your audition.
Is there a place to warm-up before my audition?
Warm-up space is limited and not guaranteed depending on the location. Please come to the audition prepared to sing.
How do I find out about live callback auditions?
If granted a callback audition, you will be notified via YAP Tracker with the details.
When are casting decisions made?
Decisions will be made following the New York callback auditions. Offers will be given by telephone sometime early in the new year.
Will I receive feedback from the audition panel?
We regret that panelists will not be able to offer feedback immediately following the auditions or at any time thereafter.
RESIDENT ARTIST STAGE DIRECTOR
***Application dates to be announced at a later date.***
View the PDF of this job announcement here.
Position:Resident Artist Stage Director/Assistant Director
Contract Dates:September 2024 – May 2025 (dates TBC)
Pittsburgh Opera is currently accepting applications for its Resident Artist Stage Director/Assistant Director position.
Hailed as one of the country's leading opera training programs, Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program provides professional development and practical experience to emerging artists. As Assistant Director for Pittsburgh Opera’s productions, this individual will work closely with leading international directors, designers, conductors, and singers. In addition, the Resident Artist Stage Director will stage presentations featuring Resident Artist Singers and participate in professional development opportunities.
Specific duties may include the following:
The Resident Artist Stage Director/Assistant Director will receive:
The ideal candidate will bring a solid background and experience in opera production. The candidate will also have experience as an assistant director in an opera or theatre company as well as training and experience as a stage director. Knowledge and background in movement, dance, fight choreography, language, diction, and other fields pertaining to opera performance and production will be considered.
To apply, send a cover letter, resume, and contact information for three (3) references toMatthew Hrdlicka.
Application Deadline:December 15, 2023
Pittsburgh Opera is committed to building opportunities for and with individuals who have been historically underrepresented in the field of opera. We encourage individuals to apply that self-identify as BIPOC, BIMPOC, AAPI, ALAANA, MENA, BAME, Latino/a/e, Afro-Latino/a/e, Native American (Tribal and Urban), Alaska Native, Indigenous, People of the Global Majority, and People of the Global African Diaspora. We recognize that terms change and evolve, and we encourage you to apply if any of these inclusions resonate with you in any capacity.
Pittsburgh Opera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information about Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program, please visit our website at www.pittsburghopera.org/resident-artists/.
RESIDENT ARTIST PIANIST
***Application dates to be announced at a later date.***
View the PDF of this job announcement here.
Pittsburgh Opera is seeking a qualified emerging pianist to join the company’s 2024-25 Resident Artist Program. The dates of the contract are September 8, 2024 – May 18, 2025.
Hailed as one of the country’s leading opera training programs, Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program provides professional development and practical experience to emerging artists. Working with international artists and industry leaders, the Resident Artist Pianist will support the company’s Music staff in the execution of all musical activities, commensurate with individual experience.
Duties and Responsibilities (including but not limited to): 2nd/3rd pianist on productions Chorus rehearsal pianist Chorus warm-up pianist Répétiteur for RAs (i.e. help learn music) Pianist for Community Engagements Master Class pianist Observe RA coachings Supertitle caller Pit pianist as appropriate Backstage conductor as appropriate Audition pianist as appropriate Chorus score preparation Other learning / mentorship opportunities as possible
The dates of the auditions are tentatively May 2-6, 2024, at Pittsburgh Opera’s headquarters, the Bitz Opera Factory. Auditions are invitation-only, based on qualifications and recommendations. Should you be invited to audition, the requirements are listed on page 2.
The Resident Artist Pianist will receive a weekly stipend of $800.00 as well as assistance towards relocation expenses and professional development. To apply, send your resume, and two (2) references to Matthew Hrdlicka, Artistic Coordinator no later than 12:00 PM, Friday, April 19th.Pittsburgh Opera is committed to building opportunities for and with individuals who have been historically underrepresented in the field of opera.
Pittsburgh Opera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information about Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program, please visit our website atwww.pittsburghopera.org/resident-artists/.
AUDITION REQUIREMENTS
Applicants invited to audition must choose ONE option from EACH of the following five categories. All selections are to be PLAYED AND SUNG by the applicant. One or more selections may be conducted by a member of the Pittsburgh Opera Music Staff.
One of the following scenes:- Act 1, Scene 1 from LA BOHÈME (up to Benoit’s entrance)- Act 2 Quintet from CARMEN- Act 2 Finale from LE NOZZE DI FIGARO- A brief secco recitative from a Mozart or Rossini opera- An aria or scene from an opera by Puccini or Richard Strauss- One aria from a Bel Canto opera- One art song
Applicants should be prepared to begin their live audition with a piano solo of their choice, which should not exceed 3 minutes. Sight Reading will also be included in the audition.

2024-25 Resident Artists | Pittsburgh Opera
These stellar artists were hand-selected after a grueling and competitive application andaudition process.
During the course of the 2024-25 Season, these talented individuals will perform:
We invite you to get to know our 2024-25 Resident Artist class:
Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artist Program is made possible, in part, by the generosity of individual sponsors. The 2024-25 Resident Artists, and the Pittsburgh Opera Music Staff, are sponsored by:
Premier Sponsors*
Sponsors
*Premier Sponsors underwrite the full stipend of an artist’s residency.
Learn how you can support a future opera star throughResident Artist Sponsorship.

Maeve Berry
Maeve Berryis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, she will accompany inTosca,Cavalleria Rusticana andPagliacci,Armida,Madama Butterfly,andWoman with Eyes Closed.
A versatile and energetic musician, Maeve Berry is a pianist, music theory teacher, and vocal coach. She originally hails from just north of Pittsburgh, PA, where she grew up as a regular recitalist and avid chorister.
As a recitalist, Ms. Berry has appeared at various summer festivals including The Franz-Schubert-Institut, Brevard Music Center, Songfest, Toronto Summer Music Festival, and Source Song Festival. She also has been a part of concert series including the Butler County Symphony Summer Lunchtime Concerts, Penn State Honors Music Institute, Music at the George Eastman House, and the Cleveland Trombone Institute. Her collaborative partners include Alexandra Rose Hotz, soprano, Susannah Stewert, soprano, Bergsvein Toverud, tenor, Christina Tanisch-Smith, soprano, and Mark Lusk, trombone.
Ms. Berry has studied song repertoire with acclaimed musicians including Elly Ameling, Roger Vignoles, Julius Drake, Helmut Deutsch, Wolfram Rieger, Graham Johnson, Martin Katz, Warren Jones, Margot Garrett, Andreas Schmidt, Brigid Steinberger, and Robert Holl. She has also worked with esteemed composers including Jake Heggie, Libby Larsen, Tom Cipullo, Ben Moore, David Conte, and John Musto. Her most recent project included a complete performance of Tom Cipullo’s vocal and piano cantata, “A Visit with Emily,” during her first doctoral recital in May 2022.
Growing up in western Pennsylvania, Maeve began her piano studies at the age of 5. She holds a bachelor’s degree in piano performance as well as a Master of Music in Piano Accompanying and Chamber Music from the Eastman School of Music. Ms. Berry is currently pursuing a Doctor of Musical Arts at Eastman where she serves not only as a studio accompanying graduate assistant but also as a music theory teaching assistant. Her instructors include David Allen Wehr, Dr. Christopher Guzman, and Dr. Andrew Harley.
While at Eastman, Ms. Berry has received several awards for excellence in vocal collaboration including the Barbara M. Koeng Award and the Jean Barr Award. Along with these academic awards, she also won the Pianist Prize in the 2023 Jessie Kneisel Lieder Competition with her two singers Meg Brilleslyper (1st vocal prize) and Alexandra Rose Hotz (2nd vocal prize). ​
Ms. Berry's residency is generously sponsored by Steven Siebert and Gabriela & David Porges.

Glenn Lewis, Head of Music | Pittsburgh Opera
Glenn Lewis
Glenn Lewis, Head of Music
A native of Rochester, New York, joined Pittsburgh Opera as Head of Music in the 2007-08 season and made his conducting debut for Pittsburgh Opera in the 2008-09 production ofDon Pasquale. Mr. Lewis previously assisted on the productions ofI Pagliacci,Romeo & JulietandThe Magic Flute, and served as a vocal coach for the Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Program.
In May 2006, he returned to the US after working for 11 years as pianist and conductor in the opera houses of Cologne and Düsseldorf, Germany. Over the years, he has worked with prominent conductors including James Conlon, John Fiore, Donald Runnicles, Antony Walker, Jiri Behlolavek, Jonathan Darlington and Kenneth Montgomery. In the US, he is a regular on the staff of theSanta Fe Opera. In 2007 he made his debut at TheMetropolitan Opera, assisting conductor Louis Langree withIphigénie en Tauride, starring Susan Graham and Placido Domingo. He has also worked with theWashington National Opera,the Kennedy CenterandVancouver Opera.Mr. Lewis holds a degree in piano performance from Ithaca College and an artist certificate in opera coaching and conducting from the University of Cincinnati College-Conservatory of Music.
Glenn Lewis’s faculty position is generously sponsored by Anna Futrell.

Audrey Welsh
Audrey Welshis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, her roles includeLolainCavalleria Rusticana,Clotarco inArmida, Kate Pinkerton inMadama Butterfly, and Curator inWoman with Eyes Closed.
Audrey Welsh, mezzo-soprano, is a native of Houston, Texas, and a recent graduate of the Shepherd School of Music at Rice University, where she received a Master of Music in Vocal Performance under the tutelage of Nova Thomas. She is an alumna of the University of Houston with a Bachelor of Music in Voice and a Bachelor of Arts in Italian Studies. This spring at Rice University, Welsh performed a portion of the role of Dorabella inCosì fan tuttein Rice Opera’s Mozart Workshop, as well as the role of Dido in the mainstage double bill ofDido and AeneasandThe Rape of Lucretia.
This summer, Welsh was an Apprentice Artist at Des Moines Metro Opera, where she made her mainstage debut as the Page in Strauss’Salome. Welsh was a Houston District Winner and 3rd Place Gulf Coast Region Winner in the 2023 Metropolitan Opera Laffont Competition.
Previous credits include: Nerone (L’incoronazione di Poppea), Cherubino (Le nozze di Figaro), Dinah (Trouble in Tahiti), Tolomeo (Giulio Cesare), Sibella Hallward(A Gentleman’s Guide to Love and Murder), Mae Jones (Street Scene), Tisbe (La Cenerentola), Petra (A Little Night Music), Mrs. Herring (Albert Herring), and Audrey (Little Shop of Horrors).
Ms. Welsh's residency is generously sponsored by John and Virginia DiPucci, Alice Victoria Gelormino, and Dr. Eugene N. Myers.
Audrey Welsh at An Overture (photo credit: David Bachman)
"Audrey Welsh brought an infuriating lack of remorse to her two-timing tryst, the evening’s standout performance." -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (photo credit: David Bachman)
Audrey Welsh as Lola in Cavalleria Rusticana (photo credit: David Bachman)
Audrey Welsh as Clotarca in Armida "displayed vocal and dramatic prowess " -- onStage Pittsburgh(photo credit: David Bachman)
Audrey Welsh as Clotarca in Armida (photo credit: David Bachman)
Audrey Welsh at Threads of Destiny (photo credit: David Bachman)
Audrey Welsh at An Overture (photo credit: David Bachman)
"Audrey Welsh brought an infuriating lack of remorse to her two-timing tryst, the evening’s standout performance." -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (photo credit: David Bachman)

Robert Boldin, Director of Artistic Operations | Pittsburgh Opera
Robert Boldin
Pittsburgh native, Robert Boldin, joined Pittsburgh Opera in 2015 as Manager of Artistic Administration, before being promoted to Artistic Administrator in 2018. Prior to that he served as Music Administrator forHouston Grand Opera.  A former singer, Mr. Boldin has sung withChicago Opera Theater,Cincinnati Opera,Chautauqua Opera,Dayton Opera,Kentucky Opera, Lyric Opera San Diego, as well as the choruses of theLyric Opera of Chicagoand Pittsburgh Opera.  Additionally, he can be heard on the world premiere recording of Robert Kurka’sA Good Soldier Schweik(Cedille Records).
He holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts fromCarnegie Mellon Universityand a Master of Music fromNorthwestern University’s Bienen School of Music. He has been a judge for theMetropolitan Opera National Council Auditions, and he enjoys an ongoing relationship with Carnegie Mellon University’s School of Music as a frequent guest teacher, as well co-producer of Co-Opera – a collaborative initiative to foster and produce new operatic works.”

Mark Trawka, Director of Musical Studies and Chorus Master | Pittsburgh Opera
Mark Trawka
Mark Trawka, Director of Musical Studies and Chorus Master
Mark Trawka joined Pittsburgh Opera as Director of Musical Studies for the prestigious Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Training Program in the 2003-04 season.In the 2006-07 season, he also took on the position of Chorus Master.
Mr. Trawka coaches and performs with the Resident Artists and has also accompanied renowned mezzo-soprano Marianne Cornetti in her Pittsburgh recital appearances. He has been a member of the music staff atHouston Grand Opera,Dallas OperaandPortland Opera(Oregon), where he was principal pianist and assistant chorus master. Mr. Trawka has served as coach/accompanist atChautauqua Operaand atGlimmerglass Operafor many summer seasons. In the summer of 2006, he was director of the resident artist program atBerkshire Opera.Educated at the Eastman School of Music and the University of Southern California, Mr. Trawka began his operatic career in the Houston Opera Studio and in San Francisco Opera’s Merola Program.
Mark Trawka’s faculty position is generously sponsored by Eileen and John Olmsted.

James Lesniak, Associate Coach/Pianist | Pittsburgh Opera
James Lesniak
James Lesniak, Associate Coach/Pianist
A native of Kenosha, Wisconsin, James Lesniak joined the Pittsburgh Opera music staff in 2006. After initial studies with Sheila Wiesztort, he received his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees at Indiana University, where he studied with pianists Menahem Pressler, Karen Shaw, and Evelyne Brancart, with the mentorship and influence of Nicolas Larin. His university credits include music staff work for Mississippi State University and the Indiana University Opera Theatre. Further studies included an apprenticeship with theDomingo-Cafritz Young Artist Programat Washington National Opera for two seasons, where he gave his stage
debut in the non-singing/piano playing role of Lazinski in Fedora at the Kennedy Center, accompanying Placido Domingo in the opera. In addition, Mr. Lesniak has served on the coaching staff ofBrevard Music Center,Glimmerglass Opera,Washington National Operaat the Kennedy Center, and theNational Symphony. He has been an official pianist for the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions, and also made his conducting debut in 2017 with Pittsburgh Opera’s production of composer Laura Kaminsky’sAs Oneand conducted Pittsburgh Opera's production of Tom Cipullo'sGlory Denied.
Since 2018, James has served as a coach and accompanist for the vocal students at Slippery Rock University, and for over a decade has been an active member of the Pittsburgh Opera Trunks teaching artist presentation team, participating in engagement programs designed to enlighten and inspire youth throughout the region. For the summer months, he frequently returns to the music staff of the prestigiousSanta Fe Opera, where he has served as Musical Director for their Winter Concert Tour and was on the music staff for the Grammy Award winning production ofThe (R)evolution of Steve Jobs.
James Lesniak's position is generously sponsored by an Anonymous donor.

Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Alumni | Pittsburgh Opera
Many of Pittsburgh Opera’s Resident Artists have gone on to successful careers and have headlined at The Metropolitan Opera and some of the world's most prestigious opera houses, including:
Marianne Cornetti– La Scala, Metropolitan, ViennaRolando Villazón– Berlin, Paris, MetropolitanOren Gradus– Metropolitan, Marseilles, HoustonDavid Miller– Broadway Boheme, La ScalaMaria Zifchak– Metropolitan, HoustonKevin Glavin– San Francisco, New York City Opera
To see more alumni, check the alphabetical listing below.
ALUMNI A-E
Javier Abreu, tenor, class of 2001-02Rodolfo Acosta, tenor, class of 1987Lisa Actor, soprano, class of 1990Daphne Alderson, mezzo-soprano, 1989 apprenticeKate Aldrich, mezzo-soprano, class of 1998-99Francisco Almanza, tenor, class of 1999-00Lindsay Ammann, mezzo-soprano, class of 2009-10Reuven Aristeguete-Senger, tenor, class of 1990-91Elizabeth Baer, soprano, class of 2003-04Noah Baetge, tenor, class of 2009-10Ron Baker, baritone, class of 1989Zara Barrett, soprano, class of 2001-02Joseph Barron, bass-baritone, class of 2012-13Brandon Bell, baritone, class of 2023Lielle Berman, soprano, class of 1998-99Valerie Bernhardt, soprano, class of 1994-95Andy Berry, bass, class of 2017-18Carolyn Betty, soprano, class of 2002-03Jonathan Beyer, baritone, class of 2007-08Daniel Billings, baritone, class of 2006-07Sylvia Bloom, soprano, 1995-96 apprenticeAdelaide Boedecker, soprano, class of 2015-2016Adam Bonanni, tenor, class of 2015-16Aaron Borst, bass, class of 1999-00Antonia Botti-Lodovico, mezzo-soprano, class of 2020Jean Marie Braham, soprano, class of 1988Greggory Brandt, baritone, 1991-92 apprenticeDaniel Brewer, tenor, class of 1986Melissa Brezinsky, soprano, class of 2000-01Judith Burbank, soprano, class of 1987Daniel Burgin, tenor, class of 1990Jennifer Casey Cabot, soprano, class of 1989Mark Calvert, tenor, class of 1999-00Maire Therese Carmack, mezzo-soprano class of 2021Rene Carnevali, soprano, 1988 apprenticeKarin Caspi, mezzo-soprano, class of 2001-02George Cederquist, stage director, class of 2013-14Patrick Chestnut, conductor, class of 1992-93Terrence Chin-Loy, tenor, class of 2019Karen Coker, soprano, class of 2000-01Deborah Cole, soprano, class of 1988Jason Collins, tenor, class of 2003-04Steven Condy, bass, class of 1989George Cordes, bass, class of 1992-93David Corman, tenor, class of 1987Marianne Cornetti, mezzo-soprano, class of 1989Christina Cox, soprano, class of 1993-94Raul Cragg, baritone, 1995-96 apprenticeDaniel Curran, tenor, class of 2013-14John Daniecki, tenor, class of 1986Donna Darden-Spangler, soprano, class of 1990-91Don Davis, baritone, class of 1994-95Brian Davis, baritone, class of 1990Juan José de León, tenor, class of 2011-12Sharon Derstine, soprano, class of 1990-91Alex DeSocio, baritone, class of 2014-15Marjorie Elinor McClean Dix, soprano, class of 1991-92Thomas Doherty, tenor, class of 1996-97Deborah Domanski, mezzo-soprano, class of 2003-04Katherine Drago, mezzo-soprano, class of 2007-08Deborah Dunn, mezzo-soprano, class of 1986Stephen Eisenhard, bass, class of 1989Madeline Ehlinger, soprano class of 2021Teresa Eldh, soprano, class of 1986Ethelyn Enos, soprano, class of 1986Arthur Espiritu, tenor, class of 2005-06Cheryl Evans, soprano, class of 1998-99
ALUMNI F-M
Ashley Fabian, soprano, class of 2019Carlos Feliciano, tenor, class of 2007-08Eric Ferring, tenor, class of 2017-18Véronique Filloux, soprano, class of 2021Colm Fitzmaurice, tenor, class of 1998-99Jessica Flint, mezzo-soprano, class of 1998-99James Flora, tenor, class of 2009-10Peter Nathan Foltz, tenor, class of 2002-03Adam Fry, bass-baritone, class of  2010-11John Furman, bass, class of 1989Steven Gaudagno, conductor, class of 1992-93Philip Gay, bass-baritone, class of 2014-15Sondra Gelb, soprano, class of 1987Laurie Gibson, soprano, class of 1989Camille Gifford, mezzo-soprano, class of 1991-92Darius Gillard, opera administrator, class of 2023Kevin Glavin, bass, class of 1987Deborah Golembiski, soprano, class of 1987Liliana Gomez-Arzapalo, soprano, 1991-92 apprenticeAlicia Gonzales-Grugett, soprano, class of 1986Caitlin Gotimer, soprano, class of 2020Oren Gradus, bass, class of 1997-98Yazid Gray, baritone,class of 2020Barton Green, tenor, class of 1990-91Ian Greenlaw, baritone, class of 1997-98Daniel Gross, bass-baritone, class of 2000-01Kirsten Gunlogson, mezzo-soprano, class of 2000-01Olga Gurkovska, mezzo-soprano, 1994-95John Hancock, baritone, class of 1989Matthew Haney, director, class of 2020Robert John Harper, director, class of 1992-93Jeremy Harr, bass, class of 2021Neal Harrelson, tenor, class of 1992-93Adam Harris, baritone, class of 1991-92Holli Harrison, mezzo-soprano, class of 2001-02Christina Harrop, soprano, class of 1997-98Josepth Haughton, tenor, class of 2004-05Stephanie Havey, stage director, class of 2011-12Leah Heater, mezzo-soprano, class of 2017-18Nancy Herrera, mezzo-soprano, class of 1992-93Jonathan Hodel, tenor, class of 1995-96Jennifer Holloway, mezzo-soprano, class of 2005-06Susan Holsonbake, soprano, class of 1993-94Sandra Hormozi, mezzo-soprano, 1990-91Joel Jameson, baritone, 1990-91 apprenticeShelley Jammeson, soprano, class of 1990-91Jane Jennings, soprano, class of 1996-97Shannon Jennings, soprano, class of 2017-18Jason Karn, tenor, class of 2005-06Dan Kempson, baritone, class of 2009-10Shannon Kessler Dooley, soprano, class of 2009-10Meredith Kitchin, soprano, class of 1995-96Sarah Kleeman, mezzo-soprano, class of 2003-04Laura Knoop-Very, soprano, class of 1989Dean Kokanos, tenor, class of 2007-08Samantha Korbey, mezzo-soprano, class of 2012-13Adrienne Kowal, soprano, class of 1990-91Krzysztof Kowalewski, bass-baritone, class of 2002-03Andrew Krikawa, baritone, class of 1996-97Julia Swan Laird, soprano, class of 2023Manuel Lanza, baritone, class of 1990Stephanie Lauricella, mezzo-soprano, class of 2010-11Elizabeth Lawrence, soprano, class of 1992-93Evan Lazdowski, bass-baritone, class of 2023Marcie Ley, soprano, class of 1993-94Victoria Litherland, soprano, class of 1991-92Alexandra Loutsion, soprano, class of 2010-11Audrey Luna, soprano, class of 2006-07Meredith Lustig, soprano, class of 2012-13Ken Magos, baritone, class of 1991-92Johnny Maldonado, tenor/countertenor, class of 1991-92Charlene Marcinko, mezzo-soprano, class of 1993-94Randa Marshall, soprano, class of 1995-96Patricia McAfee, mezzo-soprano, class of 1990Mary Clare McAlee, mezzo-soprano, 1993-94 apprenticeBeth McLoed, mezzo-soprano, class of 1993-94Jose Medina, tenor, class of 1989Molly Meehan, mezzo-soprano, class of 1990-91David Miller, tenor, class of 1996-97Tim Mix, baritone, class of 2004-05Michael Monnikendam, baritone, 1994-95 apprenticeBrian Moon, baritone, class of 1995-96Liam Moran, bass-baritone, class of 2007-08Matt Morgan, tenor, class of 2000-01Jasmine Muhammad, soprano, class of 2014-15Rosemary Museleno, soprano, class of 1989Karin Mushegain, soprano, class of 2005-06
ALUMNI N-Z
Euro Nava, tenor, class of 1993-94Rod Nelman, baritone, class of 1991-92Coleen Neubert, soprano, class of 1989Susan Nicely, mezzo-soprano, class of 1986NaGuanda Nobles, soprano, class of 2005-06Daniel O'Hearn, tenor, class of 2023Kyle Oliver, baritone, class of 2011-12Jazmine Olwalia, mezzo-soprano, class of 2023Diane Ospina, soprano, class of 1997-98Coral Owdom, soprano, class of 2000-01Sean Panikkar, tenor, class of 2004-05Danielle Pastin, soprano, class of 2008-09Jon Pescevich, bass, class of 1988Patricia Phillips, soprano, class of 1989Lisa Pierce, soprano, class of 1990Rebecca Pitcher, soprano, class of 1996-97Brian Podolny, baritone, class of 1996-97Walter Pool, tenor, class of 1992-93Frances Rabalais, stage director, class of 2017-18Alvaro Ramirez, bass, class of 1995-96Dani Raphael, mezzo-soprano, class of 1990-91Jessie Raven, mezzo-soprano, class of 1996-97Taylor Raven, mezzo-soprano, class of 2016-2017Jeannie Reavel, soprano, 1988 apprenticeJeffrey Reynolds, tenor, class of 1988Andrew Richards, tenor, class of 1994-95Sharon Richards, soprano, class of 1996-97Emily Richter, soprano, class of 2023Cassandra Riddle, soprano, class of 1990Claudia Rosenthal, soprano, class of 2016-2017Angel Romero, tenor, class of 2021Nicole Rodin Jaworski, mezzo-soprano, class of 2012-13Elizabeth Rundlette, soprano, class of 1990-91Hugh Russell, baritone, class of 1999-00Sam Savage, tenor, class of 1991-92David Schanaurd, baritone, class of 1990Matthew Scollin, bass baritone, class of 2015-16Mary Beth Sederburg, mezzo-soprano, class of 1997-98Deborah Selig, soprano, class of 2007-08Laurel Semerdjian, mezzo-soprano, class of 2015-16Matthew Shaw, baritone, class of 2000-01Kevin Short, bass, class of 1987John Shulik, bass, class of 1986Heidi Skok, soprano, class of 1990-91Kaley Karis Smith, stage director , class of 2021Rohan Smith, opera administrator, class of 2022Samuel Smith, bass, class of 1992-93Corrie Stallings, mezzo-soprano, class of 2015-16Haley Stamats, stage director, class of 2023Brent Stater, baritone, 1990-91 apprenticeDanielle Strauss, soprano, class of 1992-93Philipp Sulzberger, baritone, class of 2001-02Benjamin Taylor, baritone, class of 2019Jay Taylor, baritone, class of 1986Daniel Teadt, baritone, class of 2002-03Richard Teaster, bass, class of 1996-97Eric Thomas, baritone, class of 1993-94Bronwyn Thomas, mezzo-soprano, class of 1988Helen Todd, soprano, class of 1994-95Philip Torre, baritone, class of 1999-00Timothy Truschel, baritone, class of 1989Andrew Turner, tenor, class of 2022Tammy Tyburczy, soprano, class of 2004-05Charles Unice, bass-baritone, class of 2005-05Melanie Vaccari, soprano, class of 1998-99Craig Verm, baritone, class of 2004-05Anna Vikre, soprano, class of 1991-92Rolando Villazón, tenor, class of 1998-99Suzanne Vinnik, soprano, class of 2011-12Brian Vu, baritone, class of 2016-2017Diane Walker, soprano, class of 1990-91Matthew Walley, tenor, class of 1993-94Gloria Nathan Watson, mezzo-soprano, class of 1989Brent Weber, tenor, class of 1987Jennifer Williams, stage director, class of 2015-16Natasha Wilson, soprano, class of 2020Max Wittges, bass-baritone, class of 1987Julie Wolf, soprano, class of 1990-91Caroline Worra, soprano, class of 1999-00Monica Yunus, soprano, class of 2002-03Maria Zifchak, mezzo-soprano, class of 1995-96Ellen Zimmer, soprano, class of 1990Tyler Zimmerman, bass-baritone, class of 2020

Lauryn Davis
Lauryn Davisis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, her roles includeArmidainArmida, and Momma inWoman with Eyes Closed.
Recognized for her poised stage presence and rich, warm tone, Lauryn Davis has become a notable emerging soprano. Her recent performance highlights include operatic and music theatre roles such as Musetta in Puccini’sLa bohèmeand Margaret in Adam Guettel’sThe Light in the Piazza.
She has been included in masterclasses with world-renowned musicians and conductors such as Pierre Vallet, Jennifer Larmore, and Chuck Hudson. In 2022 she was the winner of the Atlanta Opera Guild’s Scholarship Competition, receiving the Tommy Trotter Award.
Ms. Davis' residency is generously sponsored by The Haley Family Fund, Susan Candace Hunt, and Steve and Gail Mosites.
Lauryn Davis at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Lauryn Davis as Armida "gives a fierce, commanding performance of the part, with a voice of remarkable power and quality. More than once she astonished with a brilliant display of vocal pyrotechnics that almost shook the rafters of the theater." - onStage Pittsburgh  (photo credit: David Bachman)
"...through the ethereal quality of her voice, [Lauryn Davis as Armida] has the melancholic interiority of someone who just stepped out of a Caspar David Friedrich painting." -- Pittsburgh Quarterly(photo credit: David Bachman)
Lauryn Davis as Armida (photo credit: David Bachman, opening night)
Lauryn Davis at Threads of Destiny (photo credit: David Bachman)
Lauryn Davis at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Lauryn Davis as Armida "gives a fierce, commanding performance of the part, with a voice of remarkable power and quality. More than once she astonished with a brilliant display of vocal pyrotechnics that almost shook the rafters of the theater." - onStage Pittsburgh  (photo credit: David Bachman)

Erik Nordstrom
Erik Nordstrom,is a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, his roles includeCesare Angelotti inTosca, andUbaldo inArmida.
Hailed for his “indelible” and “fine-honed baritone” (The Business Journals), Erik Nordstrom is emerging as an exciting and versatile singing actor to watch.
In the 2023/24 season, he made his house debut with Kentucky Opera as Samuel inPirates of Penzance, and performed Tarquinius inThe Rape of Lucretia,and Forester inThe Cunning Little Vixenat the University of Cincinnati’s College Conservatory of Music (CCM). This summer, Erik debuts with Wolf Trap Opera covering Guglielmo inCosì fan tutte.Erik will join Pittsburgh Opera as a Resident Artist for the 24/25 season and will make his mainstage debut as Angelotti inTosca.
During the 2022/23 season, Nordstrom performed the roles of Marquis de la Force inDialogues des Carmélitesand Hawkins Fuller inFellow Travelersat CCM. In the summer of 2023, he debuted at Des Moines Metro Opera where he covered Pantalon in Prokofiev’sLove for Three Oranges, and El Dancaïro inCarmen. Additionally, Nordstrom returned to Cincinnati Opera where he workshopped the role of Deacon 1 in Gregory Spears’The Righteous, which will premiere at Santa Fe Opera in summer 2024.
Erik made his professional debut in 2019 as a Studio Artist with Central City Opera (CCO) covering Second Mate in their production ofBilly Budd. He then returned to CCO in 2021 to perform Marullo inRigoletto. He debuted at Cincinnati Opera in 2022 where he workshopped the roles of Interrogator/Customs Officer in Scott Davenport Richards’Robeson in Moscow, as well as appearing in the ensemble for their summer season.
Possessing a rare sensitivity to style and poetry, Erik is regularly engaged by the Cincinnati Song Initiative, a rapidly growing art song organization led by CEO Samuel Martin. In 2019 he teamed with visual artist Jean Balestri and pianist Andrew Crooks to create a through-performed recital that incorporated Appalachian folk tunes, Mahler lieder, Ravel mélodie, and English art song. The performance, titledMe and My Shadow, included projections by Balestri which interacted with the piano, vocal line, and texts of each of the pieces to create a dreamlike atmosphere.
Erik received a 2019 Encouragement Award and was named a 2023 District Winner in the Metropolitan Opera Eric and Dominique Laffont Competition, as well as receiving the Ralph Corbett Award in the CCM 2022 Corbett Competition. Nordstrom earned his Bachelor of Music in Vocal Performance at Lawrence University where he studied with Steven Spears, and his Master of Music in Opera Performance from CCM where he studied with renowned voice teachers Bill McGraw, and Tom Baresel. He also recently received his Artist Diploma from CCM, under the tutelage of Quinn Ankrum.
Mr. Nordstrom's residency is generously sponsored by Hilda Fu, and Mike and Kumiko Lancet.
Erik Nordstrom sings with Fran Daniel Laucerica at Threads of Destiny (photo credit: David Bachman)
Erik Nordstrom as Ubaldo in Armida "displayed a fine, warm baritone and dramatic abilities that made him a standout." -- onStage Pittsburgh (photo credit: David Bachman)
Erik Nordstrom as Ubaldo in Armida (photo credit: David Bachman)
Erik Nordstrom sings with Fran Daniel Laucerica at Threads of Destiny (photo credit: David Bachman)
Erik Nordstrom as Ubaldo in Armida "displayed a fine, warm baritone and dramatic abilities that made him a standout." -- onStage Pittsburgh (photo credit: David Bachman)

Dana Kinney
Dana Kinneyis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, she will Assistant DirectTosca,Cavalleria Rusticana andPagliacci,Armida,Madama Butterfly,andWoman with Eyes Closed.
Dana is a multi-faceted artist working as an opera director, actor, and singer in New York City. She is recognized as “a consummate storyteller with a warm and clear tone.”
Ms. Kinney’s directing career, coinciding with performance, began as an apprentice artist with Opera Fort Collins where she assisted her mentor, Brian Clay Luedloff, in over ten productions. Since then, she’s returned to the company to directAmahl and the Night Visitors,Daughter of the RegimentandThunder of Horses.
Additionally, she has served on the directing and production staffs at Central City Opera, The Dallas Opera, Syracuse Opera, Boulder Opera Company, Opera Steamboat (formally Emerald City Opera) and Loveland Opera Theatre. This season she makes her company debut with Seattle Opera, assisting Dan Wallace Miller onPagliacci.
Ms. Kinney's residency is generously sponsored by John Battaglia and Rob and Janet Squires.

Matthew Soibelman
Matthew Soibelmanis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, his roles includeSciarroneinTosca,IdrenoinArmida, and Inspector inWoman with Eyes Closed.
Matthew is a Bass from Los Angeles, California. In 2012, he began his vocal training with his first teacher, Reid Bruton.
After receiving his Bachelor of Arts from California State University-Northridge under the tutelage of David Sannerud, he went on to obtain his Graduate Diploma from The Juilliard School, studying under Darrell Babidge.
His most recent engagements include the Fifth Jew (Strauss’Salome) in his mainstage debut as a 2024 Apprentice Artist at Des Moines Metro Opera, the Sacristan (Puccini’sTosca) and the Colonel (Redler’sThe Falling and the Rising) as a 2023 Young Artist with Opera Memphis, the Herald (Wagner’sLohengrin) with Utah Festival Opera, and the Commendatore (Mozart’sDon Giovanni) in SAT’s collaborative production with Teatro Grattacielo.
Mr. Soibelman's residency is generously sponsored by Robert J. and Sharon E. Sclabassi**.
** Premiere sponsors
Matthew Soibelman at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman as Idreno in Armida. "His voice is sonorous and of great range and carrying power." -- onStage Pittsburgh(photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman as Idreno in Armida (photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman as Sciarrone (photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman as Sciarrone (photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Matthew Soibelman as Idreno in Armida. "His voice is sonorous and of great range and carrying power." -- onStage Pittsburgh(photo credit: David Bachman)

Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist Faculty and Administration | Pittsburgh Opera
Resident Artist Faculty & Administration
Resident Artists of Pittsburgh Opera learn from dedicated guest and resident faculty who represent the best and brightest teachers and performers in the business.
Craig Rutenberg, Mikael Eliasen, and Marlena Malas are frequently found in Pittsburgh Opera rehearsal halls and coaching rooms, while young professional artists over the years have experienced the unique talents of Renate Scotto, Beverly Sills, Regina Resnik, Regine Crespin, Thomas Hampson, Franco Corelli, Luciano Pavarotti, and Sherrill Milnes.
Learn about our Resident Artist faculty and administrators:
The Resident Artist Music Faculty is generously sponsored by an Anonymous Donor.

Shannon Crowley
Shannon Crowleyis a first-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. This season, her roles includeShepherd boy inTosca,andZelmirainArmida.
Shannon Crowley is a lyric soprano originally from Virginia Beach, Virginia. Shannon is a recent graduate of the prestigious Shepherd School of Music at Rice University in Houston, Texas, where she received her Master of Music under the tutelage of Dr. Robin Rice. Shannon also holds a Bachelor's degree from Michigan State University, where she studied with renowned baritone Mark Rucker.
Ms. Crowley has performed a vast number of operatic roles both academically and professionally.
As a Festival Artist at Opera Saratoga in 2023, she performed as a leading artist in the world premiere ofThe Selfish Giant. Also at Saratoga, she covered the role of Norina inDon Pasqualeand performed at multiple concerts and private events. At Rice University, Shannon performed the roles of Drusilla inL'incoronazione di Poppea, Jenny Hildebrand inStreet Scene, and covered the role of Belinda inDido and Aeneas. At the Michigan State School of Music, Shannon sang Miss Wordsworth inAlbert Herring, Le Feu and La Princesse inL'enfant et les sortileges, Giulia inLa Scala di Seta, and Servilia inLa clemenza di Tito. She also performed Poulenc'sGloriaas the Soprano Soloist.
Winner of the 2023 Laffont Competition Houston District as well as second-place winner of the Gulf Coast Region in 2024, Ms. Crowley has placed highly in multiple prestigious competitions. After winning the Michigan District at the Metropolitan Opera Competition in 2021, she received the second-place award at the Grand Rapids Opera Competition, and at the NATS Nationals Competition. She was awarded full scholarships to both Michigan State University and Rice University, and studied as a festival artist with Opera Saratoga during their summer 2023 festival season.
Ms. Crowley's residency is generously sponsored by The Bernadette G. Callery Endowed Fund for Resident Artists.
Shannon Crowley sings the winning aria at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley as Zelmira in Armida "gaveatour de forceperformance" -- onStage Pittsburgh(photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley as Zelmira in Armida (photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley as Zelmira in Armida (photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley at Threads of Destiny (photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley sings the winning aria at Rising Stars (photo credit: David Bachman)
Shannon Crowley as Zelmira in Armida "gaveatour de forceperformance" -- onStage Pittsburgh(photo credit: David Bachman)

Fran Daniel Laucerica | Pittsburgh Opera
Fran Daniel Laucerica is a second-year Pittsburgh Opera Resident Artist in 2024-25. Last season, his roles includedCount Almaviva in the Student Matinee ofThe Barber of Seville,Pylade inIphigénie en Tauride, Miles Zegner inProving Up, and Gastone de Letorières inLa Traviata. This season, his roles includeSpoletta inTosca, Beppe inPagliacci, Rinaldo inArmida, and Thomas inWoman with Eyes Closed.
Hailed by Opera News as “a very promising high tenor” Cuban-American Fran Daniel Laucerica has been praised for his clarity, agility and musical versatility as a rising star on the operatic and concert stages.Along with his Pittsburgh Opera 2024-25 Season roles, Laucerica will also debut withPittsburgh Festival Operaas Poisson/Adriana Lecouvreur, reprise the role of Conte d’Almaviva/Il barbiere di SivigliawithFirst Coast Operaand return as a Tenor Soloist inSt. Matthew PassionwithMadison Bach Musicians.
Mr. Laucerica joined Virginia Opera as an Emerging Artist for their 2022-2023 season singing Alfredo/La Traviataas well as Gastone, and covered Frederic/The Pirates of Penzanceand Timothy Laughlin/Fellow Travelers. Later in the season, he joined the Grammy-award winning new music ensemble The Crossing debuting Hearne’s Farming, and making his New York Philharmonic debut singing the premiere of unEarth by Julie Wolf. Other role/house debuts included Opera Ithaca as Pluto/Orpheus in the Underworldand First Coast Opera as Silvio/Le docteur miracle. He also joined Lawrence University as a guest soloist in the Brahms Liebeslieder Waltzes, Op. 52 and debuted with Madison Bach Musicians in a concert of Latin American Baroque Music.
Mr. Laucerica's residency is generously sponsored by Janice Talerico, John and Nancy Traina, and Abby L. Morrison in memory of Dr. Lesa B. Morrison.
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Count Almaviva in the Student Matinee of The Barber of Seville (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica in Armida "invests the male lead of Rinaldo with a heroic vocal intensity. " -- Pittsburgh Quarterly (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Beppe in Pagliacci (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Spoletta inTosca(photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Gastone in La Traviata (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Gastone in La Traviata (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Miles in Proving Up (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Pylade in Iphigénie en Tauride (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica as Count Almaviva in the Student Matinee of The Barber of Seville (photo credit: David Bachman)
Fran Daniel Laucerica in Armida "invests the male lead of Rinaldo with a heroic vocal intensity. " -- Pittsburgh Quarterly (photo credit: David Bachman)

