Pittsburgh Opera: Mission and History | Pittsburgh Opera
Our Mission
Pittsburgh Opera enriches Pittsburgh and the tri-state area and draws national and international attention to the region by:
The current leader of Pittsburgh Opera isChristopher Hahn, who became Artistic Director in 2000 and General Director in 2008. During his tenure he has considerably expanded the company’s repertoire to include Baroque and many contemporary works, and he has vigorously upheld Pittsburgh Opera’s high standards of management and artistic excellence. He has expanded theResident Artist Programto include two annual productions, both of which are offered as part of the full subscription series. He led the move toBitz Opera Factoryin the historic George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory at 2425 Liberty Avenue, in Pittsburgh’s Strip District, and developed a range of audience and community programs that take place there.
Pittsburgh Opera's current Music Director,Antony Walker, was appointed in 2005 and has brought an engaged and highly informed leadership to the company’s musical forces as well as developing a music staff of note.
Download the Pittsburgh Opera Fact Sheet here.
Our Beginnings
Founded in 1939 by five intrepid women who belonged to Pittsburgh’s Tuesday Musical Club (pianistVirginia C. Byerly; contraltoCarolyn Hunt Mahaffey;Priscilla W. Collins;Ruby N. Wickersham; andMarie M. Pease), these Founding Five established The Pittsburgh Opera Society, which would become the seventh-oldest opera company in the United States.
The first production, in March 1940 at Carnegie Music Hall, wasThe Tales of Hoffmann, with Mahaffey as Nicklausse. The company’s first conductor,Richard Karpof Vienna, led Pittsburgh Opera for nearly 40 years and oversaw the company’s move to Heinz Hall in 1971.
In 1983,Tito Capobianco, a stage director and prominent figure at New York City Opera, became Pittsburgh Opera’s General Director. Capobianco molded the Opera into an influential national company and a steward of cultural life in Pittsburgh. Under his direction, the Opera established its own orchestra, pioneered the use of supertitles, formed the Resident Artists Program and dramatically increased the region's audience for opera.
Mark Weinstein’s appointment as General Director in 1997 marked another milestone in the company’s growth. Weinstein, pursued rigorous financial management and long-range strategic planning. He increased the company’s assets threefold and cemented the Opera’s reputation as a leader in financial management in the region.
Weinstein initiated the Artistic Excellence Project, and raised major funds which led to the appointment of Christopher Hahn as Artistic Director in 2000 andJohn Maucerias Music Director in 2001.
Our New Home
In 2008 Pittsburgh Opera moved to its current andpermanent home in the Strip District, finally achieving the space to house the resources needed to better prepare for performances at the Benedum, while opening new ways for the community to experience all the artistry that is part of opera. In an effort to maintain the Company’s mission to enrich Pittsburgh and the tri-state area, the Opera has committed to the use of sustainable methods in the renovation and maintenance of the Bitz Opera Factory, obtaining a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Operations and Maintenance Silver Certification in June 2011.
In addition to its mainstage productions, Pittsburgh Opera produces a range of programs to engage and enrich the community, with more than 15,000 students, families and educators participating in itseducational eventsannually. The internationally-renowned Pittsburgh OperaResident Artist Programis among the country’s top five training centers for rising opera stars and the newly designed administrative and rehearsal space provides for events ranging from free communitySong Shop Concertsto concert recitals by world-class opera singers.
Pittsburgh Opera’s long-standing commitment to artistic excellence, responsible fiscal management and good neighborship will continue to prove a valuable asset to the city of Pittsburgh and the surrounding region for years to come.

Opera Mythbusting | Pittsburgh Opera
Your opera journey begins today!
Intimidated by opera? Don't be! Let's debunk some common opera myths together!If you’ve never been to the opera before, you may have some misconceptions. Don't worry, you're not alone! So let's shake off your preconceptions and learn what going to the opera is really like...
MYTH: I'LL HAVE TO WEAR A TUXEDO OR A FANCY BALL GOWN
Come as you are or glam it up!
On weeknights people often show up in what they wore to the office that day, and on Fridays and Sundays, we see everything from dressy to jeans. On Saturdays – opening nights – some like to wear a suit or step out in a special dress. But just wear whatever makes you feel comfortable!
Everyone in this photo is dressed perfectly for the opera! (Photo credit: David Bachman)
MYTH: BUT IT'S SOOOOO EXPENSIVE!
Tickets to Pittsburgh Opera's mainstage shows at the Benedum and Byham start at only $15... children and teens can even get in at half that price. That's less than a movie ticket and some popcorn!
There are even discounts forgroups of 6+,students,20-Something Tuesdaysand more.
MYTH: I WON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THEY ARE SAYING
English texts are always projected above the stage, just like subtitles at the movies. While many operas are in Italian, German, or French, there are many in English too. You'll understand every word!
MYTH: OPERA IS BORING!
Do you think sword fights are boring? What about dancing, poisonings, secret plots, epic romances, or twist endings?
Operas have these in spades! That's why the term "operatic" has come to mean "dramatic to the nth degree."
These two will slice your notions of "boring" to threads! (Photo credit: David Bachman)
MYTH: OPERAS ARE TOO LONG
Operas come in all shapes and sizes!
The shortest opera we know of is 13 minutes long, and the longest one takes 7 days! You can find the running time for each opera we present on its main website page, under "Details and Resources." Many operas are the same length as any musical or play, with an intermission or two along the way.
MYTH: ALL OPERA SOUNDS THE SAME
Just like music has changed a lot in the last 400 years, opera has too!
While almost all operas make use of "classical voice technique," which give operas their signature vocal style, the musical style can vary from Baroque to even Hip Hop!
We Shall Not Be Movedlays down fresh beats (Video credit: RLG Creations)
Some playful 18th century coluratura from Semele (Video credit: RLG Creations)
Some rousing 19th century bravado from Carmen (Video credit: RLG creations)
A jazzy number from Charlie Parker's Yardbird (Video credit: RLG Creations)
MYTH: YOU HAVE TO HAVE A PhD TO UNDERSTAND WHAT'S GOING ON
You don’t need to study before you go to the opera any more than you have to study before you go to a movie!
Opera is a performing art meant to be enjoyed as is. For people who want to familiarize themselves with the plot in advance, there is a synopsis on the opera’s webpage and program books. And if you want to nerd out you can go to thePre Opera Talk,Meet The Artists, or pick up aStudy Guideat our education table. But you don’t need to do any of those to enjoy the show and understand what’s happening!
MYTH: OPERAS ARE ALWAYS DEPRESSING
Not so! There are many comic operas, operas for children, and heartwarming love stories too.
While there are operas that will truly break your heart or scare you to your core, opera plays with every human emotion, especially the good ones!
Who doesn't love a happy ending? (Photo credit: David Bachman)

About Pittsburgh Opera | Pittsburgh Opera
Watch the video above to get to know us
Established by five intrepid women in 1939, Pittsburgh Opera is viewed as one of the most vibrant opera organizations in the U.S., with a rich artistic tradition, outstanding educational programs, an acclaimed artist training program, and a progressive outlook toward the future.
We invite everyone to learn more about ourMission & Historyas well as ourInclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility(IDEA) initiatives.
Pittsburgh Opera, Inc., is a Level II member ofOpera Americaand a constituent organization of thePittsburgh Cultural Trust. We are a tax exempt 501(c)(3) organization and an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Pittsburgh Opera israted Platinum, their highest rating, by industry-leadingGuidestar, an information service specializing in reporting on U.S. nonprofit companies.
Pittsburgh Opera has been evaluated byCharity Navigator, the world’s largest and most trusted nonprofit evaluator, and earned a Four-Star Rating. This is the highest possible rating on Charity Navigator. Charity Navigator’s third-party accreditation validates our organization’s operational excellence.

Pittsburgh Opera Public Financial Documents | Pittsburgh Opera
Responsible fiscal management is a key part of our mission. As part of that, we are transparent with our audited financial documents
View Pittsburgh Opera's financial documents:
CURRENT FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2023 - June 30 2024
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023
PAST FINANCIAL DOCUMENTS
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2016 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2015 - June 30, 2016 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2017 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2016 - June 30, 2017 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2018 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2017 - June 30, 2018 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2019 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2018 - June 30, 2019 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2020 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2019 - June 30 2020
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements from FY 2021 (PDF)
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2021 - June 30 2022
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021
View Pittsburgh Opera's IRS Form 990 for the period from July 1, 2022 - June 30 2023
View Pittsburgh Opera's audited financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, Accessibility (IDEA) | Pittsburgh Opera
Since our founding in 1939, Pittsburgh Opera has enriched the Pittsburgh region by bringing live, world-class opera to our community. We have long been committed to making opera accessible to a diverse audience, but we recognize that a more focused outlook is necessary to ensure that our organization reflects the ideals of Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility (IDEA), in our public offerings as well as internally.
Pittsburgh Opera is dedicated to fostering a culture of mutual respect - respect for all stories, voices, experiences, and contributions. We aim to reflect this culture both through our leadership structure, programming choices, and employment policies, as well as through our interactions with our audience and the larger community.
We recognize and celebrate the rich cultural history of opera while also acknowledging that the classic repertoire is largely European and does not include the perspective or experience of many marginalized communities. Because of this history, it has been especially essential that Pittsburgh Opera recognizes these biases and continues to bring more diverse voices both to our stage and to our staff. For many years, Pittsburgh Opera has provided a platform for contemporary works on the main stage as well as part of our Second Stage Project. Through world premieres such as 2017’sThe Summer King, about baseball legend Josh Gibson, and productions ofAs Oneand27, we continue to showcase work by diverse composers and librettists, sung by diverse artists, and supported by a diverse artistic and administrative staff.
In addition, Pittsburgh Opera embraces a continued commitment to growth and conversation, as outlined by the following principles:
The Long Walk. 2018. Photo by David Bachman.
The Summer King: The Josh Gibson Story. 2017. Photo by David Bachman.
As One. 2017. Photo by David Bachman.
27. 2016. Photo by David Bachman.
Sumeida's Song. 2015. Photo by David Bachman.
The Long Walk. 2018. Photo by David Bachman.
The Summer King: The Josh Gibson Story. 2017. Photo by David Bachman.

