Mobile App | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera's mobile app is available for free download in theApp Storefor iOS devices (iPhones, iPads and iPod Touch) andGoogle Playfor Android devices (including phones and tablets). With the Pittsburgh Opera mobile app, users can:
Please note that due to COVID-19's impact, Pittsburgh Opera is unable to offer the full app experience for our spring 2021 productions. However, we will be posting comparable bonus content in our Facebook and YouTube chats during the free livestreams.
In addition, Pittsburgh Opera's mobile app allows patrons to receive exclusive visual and audio content through their smartphones in real time during our performances. This content may include:
App Etiquette
The Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App is intended to enhance your experience, not to detract from other patrons' experience. When using the App during a performance:
Download from Google PlayDownload in the Apple App Store
Funding for the Pittsburgh Opera Mobile App is generously provided by anOPERA America Innovation Grantfrom theAnn and Gordon Getty Foundation, and by theHillman Foundation.
APP BACKGROUND
Pittsburgh Opera launched our mobile app in 2016, to provide patrons with easy access to information about our productions, artists, and events. The app is powered byInstant Encore, the leading provider of mobile solutions to performing arts organizations around the globe.
In the fall of 2018, Instant Encore began offering its customers a premium feature within its platform calledLive Note®. Created by thePhiladelphia Orchestrain partnership withDrexel University’s Expressive and Creative Interaction Technologies (ExCITe) Center, LiveNote® initially delivered visual content (e.g. text and photographs) to patrons during orchestra performances. Pittsburgh Opera began carefully testing this functionality during our fall 2018 performances ofMadama ButterflyandHansel & Gretel. Pre-selected audience members served as beta testers and provided positive feedback on their experiences.
Thanks to anInnovation GrantfromOPERA Americafunded by theAnn and Gordon Getty Foundation, Pittsburgh Opera partnered with Instant Encore to add real-time audio capabilities to LiveNote®. We began testing these capabilities in January 2019 at our performances ofafterWARds – Mozart’s Idomeneo Reimagined, and continued testing throughout the remainder of our 2018-19 season.
Great care had already been taken to ensure the app would not disrupt nearby patrons. After our 2018-19 season ended, Pittsburgh Opera and Instant Encore added additional safeguards to minimize light seepage and reduce the risk of incoming phone calls startling users. With these additional safeguards in place, we publicly rolled out the functionality at the beginning of our 2019-20 season. We will continue to monitor and adjust the app over time.

Pittsburgh Opera: programs and resources for Educators | Pittsburgh Opera
We train teachers of all grade levels to integrate arts so thousands of students can enjoy opera.
Workshops for Educators
Our signature program is a unique, fun, and stimulating professional learning opportunity for teachers of all grade levels in all content areas.
Workshop topics include the five 2024–2025 season operas plus additional arts integration materials so that teachers have additional resources to use in their classes. Each workshop is recorded so that participants can attend live or at a later time. We include live presentations and/or performances by resident artists. And, we provide some of the workshop materials in advance for participants to explore at their convenience, so the actual “live” workshop time is short and engaging.
The 1.5 hour workshops are on Saturday mornings from 10:30 am–12:00 pm via Zoom, with a one hour optional networking time afterward.
There is no cost to attend the workshop. Pre-registration is required a week in advance by emailing:megan@pittsburghopera.org
2024–2025 WORKSHOP FOR EDUCATORS
SEASON THEME: Verismo, Virtual Reality, and Fiction in Opera
#1 September 21, 2024 Tosca#2 October 26, 2024 Cavalleria Rusticana/Pagliacci#3 November 16, 2024 The Business of Opera#4 December 21, 2024 Armida#5 January 18, 2025 Culture Clashes in Opera#6 February 22, 2025 Madama Butterfly#7 March 15, 2025 Woman with Eyes Closed#8 April 26, 2025 Ethical Dilemmas in Opera#9 May 10, 2025 Literary Connections to Opera
OPERA ACADEMY
A stimulating and intensive program, Opera Academy is a year-long professional learning experience designed to immerse educators into the world of opera. Teachers from all grades and content areas develop lessons to connect the arts to other academic areas and prepare students to attend an opera performance. Opera Academy members receive a full season subscription, nine workshops, and a student performance or Opera Trunk presentation. In return, Opera Academy members document how they use opera in their classes.

Pittsburgh Opera Education: Schools | Pittsburgh Opera
IF YOU AND YOUR STUDENTS CAN’T ATTEND THE OPERA, LET US BRING THE OPERA TO YOU!
Opera Trunks
Opera Trunks are large, colorful steamer trunks on wheels (25" square by 44" high), filled with books, costumes, music, and lesson activities—all the materials needed to introduce opera. Trunk  package includes transportation, one month trunk residency, and a presentation by teaching artists at the residency location, all for the low fee of $500. If students can’t come to the opera, we take the opera to them!
Please note: New participants must attend an orientation before arranging booking dates.
Download our Opera Trunks brochure and Reservation Form.

Pittsburgh Opera Education: Resources | Pittsburgh Opera
Opera Is a Window to the Human Soul
Pittsburgh Opera strives to make opera enjoyable for everyone. The Pittsburgh Opera Education Department provides special publications to help both first-timers and the experienced opera-goer get the most out of their opera experience.
Study Guides
A concise introduction to the opera that includes the characters and synopsis, biographies, and articles related to the historical context of the opera. Study Guides are posted in PDF format on each opera's main page prior to the opera's opening. You can learn more about them, and download them, onour Study Guide page.
Arts Event Discovery Packet
A packet for teachers and students going to the opera. Activities address all Pennsylvania Academic Standards. You are welcome to download a PDF ofLa bohèmeArts Event Discovery Packet COVERand a PDF ofLa bohèmeArts Event Discovery Packet CONTENTS.
Lesson Plan Stems
A handout for teachers that includes more than 100 lesson ideas for intersecting the opera with classroom curricula.You are welcome to download PDFs of the Lesson Plan Stems forSamson & Dalila,The Grapes of Wrath, andThe Italian Girl in Algiers.
THE BARBER OF SEVILLE STUDENT MATINEE PACKET
Download PDFs of:
THE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO STUDENT MATINEE PACKET
Download PDFs of:

Pittsburgh Opera Education: Families | Pittsburgh Opera
Opera Connections guests from Pittsburgh Faison ES at a performance of Il Trovatore at the Benedum Center.
Opera Connections
Connecting the opera to the community, this program provides opportunities for parents and children from select Pittsburgh neighborhoods to attend opera performances together—to experience art as a family. At Pittsburgh Opera, we believe in reaching out to our friends who might not normally be able to attend arts performances, and we believe in preparing them to attend through pre-performance workshops. What better way to experience the magic of opera than to attend with a family member!
To get more information about opera programs for families, please contactMarilyn Michalka Egan, Ph.D., Director of Education, at 412-281-0912, ext. 242.

Pittsburgh Opera Education: Adults | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera offers a range of services to help ensure all adults enjoy their opera experience.
Audio Commentary Service
Pittsburgh Opera offers anAudio Commentaryservice for patrons with visual impairments during the Tuesday* performances at all our productions (unless other date is specified).
Through Assistive Listening Devices, patrons can hear the supertitles read simultaneously with their appearance on the screen, as well as hear descriptions of the set, characters, and costumes. A patron may reserve a seat in advance by calling 412-281-0912, extension 213.
An all-volunteer team has provided the Audio Commentary service since 2003. Several team members provide individual assistance to patrons as they pick up Assistive Listening Devices. An audio describer reads from the program book ten minutes before the performance—the "pre-show"—and then reads the Supertitles and describes the visual aspects of the stage during the performance—the "play-by-play". We're thankful to our volunteers who provide this service each season!
Pittsburgh Opera Audio Commentary Team— Julia, Ray, Jan, Donna, and Mary Ann
Braille and Large-Print Programs
Braille and large-print programs are available at each performance.
Hearing Assistance
Infrared hearing devices are available at our Benedum Center performances. Channel 1 on the Infrared Hearing Devices is for audio amplification.
Sign Language Interpretation
Sign language interpretation can usually be arranged upon request. Please see our accessibilitywebpagefor details.
Opera Study Guides
TheStudy Guidesfor each opera are posted in PDF format on the Pittsburgh Opera website in advance of the opera's opening, and are available in paper form at all performances, in the lobby area.
For more information about Pittsburgh Opera programs for Adults, pleaseemail Marilyn Michalka Egan, Ph.D., Director of Education, or call her at 412-281-0912, ext. 242.
OSHER COURSES
Pittsburgh Opera provides several courses each season through the Osher Lifelong Learning Institutes at Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh. Membership and enrollment is through the university programs.
Homepage - Osher Lifelong Learning Institute - Carnegie Mellon University (cmu.edu)
Osher Lifelong Learning Institute | University of Pittsburgh

Recommended Listening and Reading Lists | Pittsburgh Opera
Our comprehensive Recommended Listening and Reading List for our most recent season was prepared in collaboration with the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh Music Department, with special thanks to Rebekah Hill and Julie Hanify.View our recommended lists for each opera below. Call numbers indicate holdings of the Music Department, Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, unless otherwise indicated.
We encourage you to visit theCarnegie Library of Pittsburgh's website, and contact their Music Department at 412-622-3105 orvia email.
Please note that there are other books, CDs, and DVDs beyond this list available at theCarnegie Library and for purchase at your favorite store.
ADDITIONAL OPERA RESOURCES
Oxford Music Online- This resource combines the content of The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, The New Grove Dictionary of Jazz, The Oxford Dictionary of Music and The Oxford Companion to Music in one place. A valid Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh card is required. This link will get you there:carnegielibrary.org/research(Type Oxford Music into the keyword search box to get to the database.)
Operabase- This website allows you to search opera performance details of several international opera companies, including upcoming schedules. You can also find information on past performances of thousands of operas, biographies of specific singers and websites of international opera houses.
OperaGlass- A great resource for plot synopses of operas, libretti, discographies and performance histories. Links to other opera websites are also listed.
YouTube- Though YouTube is not a specific site for opera research, it offers a wide range of video and sound clips. If you use the titles of any of this season’s operas in a search, you will find several archived performances from stage productions, concerts and more.
READING LIST FOR 2021-2022
Download the full Recommended Listening and Reading List pdf here.

Pittsburgh Opera: Education | Pittsburgh Opera
Learn About Opera!
Opera is a multi-faceted art form, rich in fascinating history and colorful personalities. There is always something more to learn about opera, and Pittsburgh Opera provides a wide variety of programs to help you explore individual operas and the field in general.
Education Programs at Pittsburgh Opera translate this multi-disciplinary art form into relevant, engaging, and enriching experiences for educators, students, schools, families, and adults. Pittsburgh Opera’s Education programs were recognized as a finalist at the 2019 International Opera Awards. We were the only opera company from the United States among the finalists. We invite you to join us to learn more.
More than ever, we believe that:
Educators
Students
Schools
- Madama Butterfly Trunks- Opera Improv Trunks- Carmen Trunks- Bravi Tutti Trunks(NEW!)- Tot Trunks(NEW!)
Families
Adults
Resources
For more information about Pittsburgh Opera’s Education Programs, please emailMarilyn Michalka Egan, Ph.D., Director of Education.
Please note: Most programs require registration in advance.
Pittsburgh Opera programs are generously supported byAllegheny Regional Assets Districtand thePennsylvania Council on the Arts.

Pittsburgh Opera Education: Students  | Pittsburgh Opera
Photo by David Bachman
Students of all ages are fascinated and enthralled by the grand spectacle of opera.
Pittsburgh Opera provides exciting opportunities for students to learn more about opera.
Each year, Pittsburgh Opera produces a special Student Matinee attended by 2,500+ school students grades 3–12. For our 2024–25 season, our Student Matinee is ofMadama Butterfly.
Pittsburgh Opera’s Student Matinees are made possible in part by generous donors. Our 2025 Student Matinee is sponsored by The Charity Randall Foundation, The Grable Foundation, First National Bank, Dr. Albert Lin and Karen Jeng Lin, and Wallis Katz.
For sponsorship information, pleaseemail usor call 412-281-0912 extension 226.
STUDENT MATINEE
Bring your students to a complete mainstage performance of Puccini’s classic opera with full orchestra, top quality singers, and colorful production elements.Madama Butterflyprovides rich learning opportunities about the music, the history, and the Japanese culture.
Sung in Italian with English texts projected above the stage.
Who: Suggested for grades 3–12Where: Benedum Center 7th St, Pittsburgh, PA 15222When: Thursday, March 27, 2025 10:15 am–1:00 pmTickets: Only $14 for students and adults.
Download the reservation form.
WORKSHOP FOR EDUCATORS
At least one teacher from each school must participate in the Workshop for Educators before tickets are issued.
The Workshop is offered via Zoom onSaturday, February 22, 2025from10:30 am–12:00 pm.
The workshop is recorded so that participants can attend live or at a later time.
Fee: Free for teachers from schools that book 50 seats, otherwise $100 per teacher.
OPERA OPPORTUNITY REDUCED-PRICE TICKETS FOR GRADES 7–12
Students and teachers from eligible middle and high schools may purchase reduced-price opera tickets for Pittsburgh Opera performances. Ticket prices range from $7 to $15, and are based on a sliding scale according to a school's percentage of free/reduced price lunch. Teachers attend a workshop and get materials to prepare students. Some schools have even created Opera Clubs!
Download our Opera Opportunity brochure and Reservation Form.

Study Guides | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera's Study Guides are a concise introduction to the opera that includes:
Study Guides are posted in PDF format on each opera's main page prior to the opera's opening, and are available on paper at all performances. Additionally, you can download them below as they become available.
2024-25 Season
2023-24 Season
2022-23 Season
2021-22 Season
2020-21 Season
2019-20 Season
2018-19 Season
2017-2018 Season
2016-17 Season
2015-16 Season

Bravo Academy | Pittsburgh Opera
Do you have a child who can’t stop singing along with their favorite songs?
Does your child love to design, draw, and create?
Is your child interested in the magic that goes on backstage of a performance?
Then Bravo Academy is for YOU!
If you are an aspiring young singer, have a talent for creating the magic of the backstage world, or are a budding opera aficionado, this is the program for you! Focusing on musical theater, opera, and art song favorites, Bravo Academy ensures that all participants will have a chance to shine in the limelight.
Designed forages 11-15and held in Pittsburgh Opera’s headquarters and professional performance space the Bitz Opera Factory, Bravo Academy offers two, 1-week programs (9:30 am – 4:00 pm) where participants receive invaluable hands-on experiences with leading industry professionals and performers.
Due to popular demand and camper feedback, we are thrilled to announce that Bravo Academy will now extend to a full day camp.Advanced and additional performance opportunities will be available in addition to hands on theater tech experiences, exciting behind the scenes classes, and so much more.
All participants will take several fun and engaging classes including costume design, improvisation, voice, opera storytelling, movement, special effects/lighting design and SO MUCH MORE! Your time at Bravo Academy will conclude with a showcase and performance where you can show off all the skills you learned during your time with us. Have a blast making new friends in a fun, fascinating environment this summer with Pittsburgh Opera in Bravo Academy!
Week 1: Monday, July 7, 2025 – Friday, July 11, 2025
Week 2: Monday, July 14, 2025 – Friday, July 18, 2025
Get an early bird discount by registering before April 1st!
EARLY BIRD REGISTRATION FOR 2025 IS NOW OPEN!
For more information contact Rebekah Diazvia emailor by phone at 412-281-0912 x256.
This program is supported, in part, by the Greater Pittsburgh Arts Council through its Allegheny Arts Revival Grant.
This project is supported in part by the National Endowment for the Arts.
(photo credit: David Bachman)
(photo credit: David Bachman)
(photo credit: David Bachman)
(photo credit: David Bachman)
(photo credit: David Bachman)
(photo credit: David Bachman)

