Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera Headquarters | Pittsburgh Opera
A wedding in the George R. White Opera Studio. Photo: G. Frank
Your event will stand out in the original George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory, now home to Pittsburgh Opera.
The Bitz Opera Factory building has the raw industrial feel of an 1869 warehouse that allows you the flexibility to create the ambiance you desire.
Pittsburgh Opera's building renovation resulted in Silver-level LEED certification in the Operations and Maintenance category in June 2011, and we encourage you to consider making your event a green one.
Take a virtual tour!
Now booking for 2025!
To learn more about our event space or to schedule an in-person tour, please complete the inquiry form below:
Photo: Sarah and Shaun's wedding via Schiemer Entertainment
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Alison Mish
Photo: Sarah and Shaun's wedding via Schiemer Entertainment
Photo: Sarah and Shaun's wedding via Schiemer Entertainment
Photo: Alison Mish
RENTAL RATES: GEORGE R. WHITE OPERA STUDIO
The George R. White Opera Studio
Now booking for 2025!
Uses: Presentations, productions, wedding ceremonies and wedding receptions, other receptions, or dinner partiesCapacity: 400 for a cocktail reception; 350 in theater-style seating; 200 for a dinner reception.Square Feet: 5,000 (approx. 116' x 48')Rental Rates: ​​​​$1,450 for 4 hours; $4,500 daily (12 hours) rateAvailable for additional costs: stage, piano
All rentals will be charged a $450 staffing fee and a $150 cleaning fee.
RENTAL RATES: FOUNDERS' ROOM
Founders' Room
Now booking for 2025!
Uses: Meetings or receptionsCapacity: 100 in theater-style seating; 50 for a dinner reception.
Amenities: Kitchen AccessSquare Feet: 1,920 (approx. 40' x 48')Rental: $750 for 4 hours, $1,800 daily (8 hours) rateAvailable for additional costs: stage, piano
All rentals will be charged a $450 staffing fee and a $150 cleaning fee.
RENTAL GUIDELINES
BUILDING
Rental Rates
Our current rental rates can be found on our website:https://www.pittsburghopera.org/facilities/hold-your-event-at-pittsburgh-opera/rental-information
Load-in & Load-out Policy
A full-day rental includes 12 hours from set-up to end of your event, plus one hour for clean-up. Access will be given to Social Tables for lessees to place objects around the space. Pittsburgh Opera event staff will set up the items as noted on Social Tables prior to lessee’s arrival.
Lessees will inform Pittsburgh Opera staff of any rentals associated with their event. Drop off and pick up times must be coordinated prior to the event. Vendor drop offs are allowed the day prior to your event within the hours of 9:30am-1:30pm. Lessee will be charged an additional hourly fee for a ceremony rehearsal or drop off and set up of personal items, décor, etc. on the day prior to the event.
It is preferred that all personal items must be removed from the building at the end of the event, however, if prior arrangements are made, items may be picked up at a later date. Rented items may be left and picked up on the next business day between 9:30am-1:30pm, with approval from Pittsburgh Opera.
Additional Security
The staffing fee for each event covers one (1) security guard, hired by PO, for the duration of your Event Time and one (1) PO staff member.
Upper Level of GRW Access
Guests may NOT access the upper level of the GRW. We will allow individuals up to the second level to put up and take down decorations. We will also allow photographer or videographer limited access the upper level.
Restricted Items
The following items are prohibited from use in the George Roland White Studio, Founders’ Room, and other associated spaces:
Smoking is not permitted on the Premises, including the garage area. Use of electronic cigarettes is also prohibited. Smoking shall only be permitted at designated areas outside of the garage area as defined by Pittsburgh Opera.
In accordance with Pennsylvania State law, Lessee shall not permit the use of any illegal drugs in or about the Premises at any time.
Guest Arrival
There are two large Pittsburgh Opera signs on Liberty Avenue and two A-frame signs are placed at the entrance and exit of the parking garage. We do recommend that volunteers stand at the entrance and exit to the garage for your guests’ ease of mind. These volunteers can answer questions about parking or the event in general.
VENDORS
Preferred Vendors
Pittsburgh Opera has no requirements about vendors, so you can feel free to use any caterer, DJ, photographer, etc. that best suits your budget and taste. A list of preferred Pittsburgh Opera vendors can be provided upon request.
Kitchen Access
Pittsburgh Opera has a small kitchen that the caterer may use for prep work. Because of poor ventilation, however, this is a warming kitchen and cannot accommodate cooking. If your menu requires on-site cooking, most caterers will set up a kitchen in the parking garage, where ventilation is not a factor.
Alcohol Policy
You are responsible for bringing in your own alcohol for the event, if desired. Many caterers will provide alcohol and bartenders for your event, at your request. Our only stipulation with the bar is that, due to PA liquor laws, you cannot sell alcohol on site, so the bar must be an open bar.
Announcements & Music
Pittsburgh Opera will not provide A/V equipment for your event. If you wish to have music or announcements made, it is recommended to hire a DJ.
AMENITIES
Ice Machine/Ice Storage
Unfortunately, we do not have an ice machine. We do, however, have an ice chest located in the kitchen that can hold approximately 4-5 bags of ice. You will need to provide the ice. If you bring coolers with extra ice, they must be kept in the garage.
Guest Parking
Events have use of our parking garage on a first-come, first-served basis. While we will strive to ensure that at least some of your guests have use of this convenience, full use of the garage is not guaranteed. If our garage is full, other options include street parking (which is metered below 25thStreet), the $10 lot at the corner of Penn Avenue and 24thStreet (1 block from the Opera), and the $6 garage at the corner of Smallman Street and 24thStreet (2 blocks from the Opera). The lot across from the Opera on Liberty Avenue is a private lot and not available for rental. Many rental groups arrange for a shuttle service for their guests, though this is by no means required.
Two of our preferred vendors – D & P Valet and The Hub – can also provide parking services. D & P Valet can be onsite to valet guests’ cars. The Hub will set up an account with the Lessee to allow guest’s parking fees to be billed to the Lessee directly.
Pittsburgh Opera Tables and Chairs
Providing our equipment isn’t being used for another event in the building, the Opera has the following:
11025651025350
72” round table (seats up to 10 people)60” round tables (seats up to 8 people)30” low round tables (seats up to 4 people)26” high round tables8’ x 24” rectangle tables6’ x 24” rectangular utility tables5’ bar unitsblack leather chairs banquet chairs (maroon with gold trim)banquet chairs (maroon with gold trim)
Piano Use
Pittsburgh Opera usually keeps a grand piano in each room but they are removed if not being used.   If your group is interested in using a piano, a small piano tuning fee will be added to your final invoice. Pittsburgh Opera does NOT supply a pianist, so you will be required to hire one of your own.
ADMINISTRATIVE
Administrative Fees
$150 insurance fee covers general liability for insurance for the space. If you wish to purchase more coverage or are looking for additional, generic event insurance, then you may purchase additional plans.
$450 staffing fee covers a Pittsburgh Opera staff member to be on-site for the entirety of your rental from set-up to clean-up and a third-party security guard hired by Pittsburgh Opera. PO staff will ensure building systems are working throughout and stay clean during your event, along with basic support of PO equipment.
$150 cleaning fee covers the additional cleaning of the event space, floors, , bathrooms, and kitchen.

Facilities | Pittsburgh Opera
We are proud to work and create within the walls of Westinghouse's historic air brake factory building in the heart of the bustling Strip District.
Learn more about our headquarters at the newly re-named Bitz Opera Factory and what this location has to offer for our community:

Pittsburgh Opera Headquarters | Pittsburgh Opera
Get directions to the Bitz Opera Factory and learn about nearby restaurants and businesses via this link.
In April 2008, Pittsburgh Opera moved into its new home at 2425 Liberty Avenue in the Strip District. The building not only has a deep connection to Pittsburgh’s storied past – it was built as George Westinghouse’s original air brake factory in 1869 – but gives Pittsburgh Opera a bright future.
In 2021, in grateful recognition ofFrancois Bitz's exceptional generosity and long affiliation with the company, Pittsburgh Opera was proud to re-name its headquarters in the Strip District, theBitz Opera Factory.
At 45,000 square feet, the $8 million project features offices, 4,000 square feet of rehearsal spaces, costume, wig, and makeup shops, and a kitchen, meeting the “multimedia” requirements of opera. The renovation resulted in Silver-level LEED certification in the Operations and Maintenance category in June 2011, and incorporates the site’s exposed brick interiors, 150 historically-accurate windows and original metal fire safes.Pittsburgh Opera’s building was designed byIKM. A new wrap-around metal, neon, and LEED sign was designed byBill Kolano. Contractor isMassaro Corporation.
Pittsburgh Opera is LEED Certified Silver in the Operations and Maintenance category.
The Bitz Opera Factory is the original home of the George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory. The air brake revolutionized railroad transportation.
Guests enter the Bitz Opera Factory through this casual, welcoming lobby.
The "Garage" Conference room has corrugated siding and a clear glass garage door entry.
The George R. White Opera Studio is the home of many of our community events, including Brown Bag concerts.
Our Five Founders are honored with a memorial plaque in our most-used public space.
Our Wardrobe department stores everything from shoes to corsets to scarves to jewelry, and manufactures costumes when needed.
The wig and makeup area, located within the Wardrobe department.
The Library holds a treasure trove of books, scores, libretti, recordings, industry magazines, and more.
Detail from the top of George Westinghouse's metal safe.
Pittsburgh Opera is LEED Certified Silver in the Operations and Maintenance category.
Pittsburgh Opera is LEED Certified Silver in the Operations and Maintenance category.
The Bitz Opera Factory is the original home of the George Westinghouse Air Brake Factory. The air brake revolutionized railroad transportation.
BITZ OPERA FACTORY SPACE RENTALS
Katelyn Rose Photography
Go to"Hold Your Event at Pittsburgh Opera"for details and specifications about renting our space for weddings, meetings, and other events.

Pittsburgh Opera Production Rentals | Pittsburgh Opera
Pittsburgh Opera offers the rental of scenery, orchestra parts and supertitles for your production ofSamson & Dalila,The Rake's Progress, and more. Expand each tab below to see details about each production for rent.
ContactSteven Grair, Director of Production, for additional information: 412-281-0912, ext. 221.
THE BARBER OF SEVILLE
The Barber of Seville rental information (PDF)
DAUGHTER OF THE REGIMENT
Daughter of the Regiment rental information (PDF)
THE RAKE'S PROGRESS
The Rake's Progress rental information (PDF)
SAMSON & DALILA
Samson & Dalila rental information (PDF)

Office Hours | Pittsburgh Opera
Office Hours
Pittsburgh Opera's core office hours are 9AM - 5PM Eastern Time, Monday - Friday.
Summer Office Hours
Summer office hours (Memorial Day to Labor Day) are 9AM - 5PM Eastern Time, Monday - Thursday and 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM Friday.
Phone Hours (412-281-0912)

