Let our event services team help make your next meeting unforgettable.
From the moment you select Pittsburgh until your last delegate departs, Pittsburgh's Business Events team stands ready to assist you with a variety of services including promotions, community awareness and public relations, Housing Reservation Services, volunteer recruitment, venue recommendations , supplier recommendations and various collateral requests.
Housing Reservation Services Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/meetings-and-events/event-services/housing-reservation-services/
Housing Reservation Services
Connecting Companies with Community Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/meetings-and-events/event-services/corporate-social-responsibility/
Connecting Companies with Community
Suppliers
Marketing Toolkit
Whether you're planning an event for 20 or 20,000, we'll help you find the perfect venue , suppliers and transportation providers to meet your every needs.
Pittsburgh's Business Events Team offers group housing reservation services for your multi-hotel event. We partner with Orchid.Events to provide you with a seamless booking experience for your attendees.
If one of your objectives is to positively impact the society and/or environment surrounding your event, VisitPITTSBURGH can connect you with local organizations to help you reach your Corporate Social Responsibility goals.
Attendees can explore their dining and sightseeing options at the WELCOME PITTSBURGH Information Center and Gift Shop at the David L. Lawrence Convention Center . From maps to restaurant menus and VisitPITTSBURGH’s latest See & Do Guide, the information center and gift shop has everything visitors need in a convenient location.
The storefront also offers a variety of Pittsburgh merchandise, including souvenirs like postcards, magnets and pens, as well as products from local attractions such as Daniel G. and Carole L. Kamin Science Center, The Frick Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh Glass Center and Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. WELCOME PITTSBURGH is your one-stop shop for information and that special something for family and friends back home!
For events not using the David L. Lawrence Convention Center, there is still an opportunity to utilize a staffed Pittsburgh Welcome Booth for attendees. This on-site service is available on a complimentary basis to events with 1,000 or more delegates. The Welcome Booth also can be available to groups with fewer than 1,000 attendees for a nominal fee.
It's easy to show your delegates why they should attend your Pittsburgh event. We can provide you with a wide array of promotional materials to help market your event in Pittsburgh. From one pagers, web copy, promotional videos and a social media toolkit to teaser brochures and hard copy visitor guides, our marketing materials are a huge resource as you announce Pittsburgh as your next destination. Explore the Marketing Toolkit for all your needs!
social media toolkit: https://visit-pittsburgh-2023.s3.amazonaws.com/images/archive/Pittsburgh-Social-Media-Toolkit.pdf?v=1698151457
Additional promotional tools including customized maps, a photo library and other brochures are available upon request.
photo library: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/meetings-and-events/meeting-planner-toolkit/photography/
Prior to your event, we prepare key members of our community such as public safety officials, transportation providers and restauranteurs for your group's arrival. Preparations may include a planning bulletin and/or pre-convention meeting.
Welcome signs will greet your attendees at the Pittsburgh International Airport and throughout the city. Upon request, we would be happy to obtain personalized welcome letters from Public Officials for your event program.
Should you require public relations assistance, we would be happy to call upon our Communications Department, who may be able to assist with press releases, news conference coordination and media kits. They can also provide editorial content about Pittsburgh for your website.
Submit RFP
Let us know when you are ready to book.
Meet the Team
Contact our team to make planning your meeting or convention as easy as possible.
Business Events Blog An insider’s look at how Pittsburgh fits into your future plans. Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/meetings-and-events/meetpgh-blog/
120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.