​Pittsburgh is not only defined by its skyline and its sports teams, but also by its 90 vibrant and welcoming neighborhoods.
City of Multitudes
With 90 charming, unique neighborhoods, Pittsburgh is a city of multitudes that guarantees the perfect place for you to shop, dine, hang out and explore no matter your interests or lifestyle. From the hip and trendy to quiet and secluded, the perfect neighborhood(s) are waiting for you to discover.
You'll also love the culture and the friendly feel Pittsburgh's neighborhoods have to offer. The rich history of the city has shaped these neighborhoods into their own distinct personalities.
Mt. Washington has the view to beat all views. USA Weekend magazine named it one of the top 10 most beautiful views in the country. In the heart of it all, Downtown gives you your fill of city hustle and bustle, a 14-block Cultural District, public art, extraordinary dining and outdoor parks and plazas. Pittsburgh's neighborhoods are as wonderful and distinctive as its people and they're waiting to welcome you!
Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings.
Looking to deep dive into a particular Pittsburgh neighborhood? Read up on our latest in the Neighborhood Guide blog series which consists of detailed looks of what to do, where to eat and the history of some of Pittsburgh's trendiest, important and up-and-coming spots.
Check back as new guides are posted each month and this section continues to grow!
The Hill District: A Neighborhood Guide
The Hill District, which contains the Upper Hill, Middle Hill and Crawford-Roberts neighborhoods, is at an inflection point at the time. Cut off from Downtown since the 1950s, this predominantly Black neighborhood…
Discover the Crossroads of the World: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/hill-district-a-neighborhood-guide/
Mt. Washington: Skylines & Surprises
Ascend to spectacular views of our city, discover incredible dining spaces and explore landmarks and parks.
Downtown: Dining Destinations
Find 20+ of our favorite places to eat Downtown and how to pair your meal with a show at our star-studded Cultural District.
Reservations Recommended: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/top-places-to-eat-in-downtown-pittsburgh/
Downtown: Market Square
Join us on a walk around this shop and restaurant filled block then explore Point State Park, PPG Place and more just a short walk away.
Oakland: Colleges & Culture
This handy guide for college students doubles as your insider's guide to Oakland's incredible museums, parks and nearby neighborhoods.
The Strip District: A Local Pittsburgh Favorite
Discover a foodie heaven bursting with local flavor from street food to internationally acclaimed restaurants.
Millvale: Reinvented
The story of an industrial mill town reimagined with fantastic breweries, local shopping and community festivals.
Homewood: Black History & Change
We take you on the Homewood Experience arts and culture walk through this predominantly Black neighborhood and discover rich history and the path forward.
A Black Culture Hub: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/homewood-neighborhood-guide-pittsburgh/
Bloomfield: Pittsburgh’s Little Italy
As every neighborhood around it modernizes, Bloomfield stays true to its roots with authentic cuisine, community festivals and chain-free shopping you'll be charmed by.
Molto Bene: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/insiders-guide-to-bloomfield/
Lawrenceville: Art, Music & More
Find hidden gems, classic entertainment, trendy music venues and more in the hippest part of town.
Lawrenceville Love Letter: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/lawrenceville/
North Shore: Games & Concerts
If you're in the North Shore, you're likely visiting for a big game or concert in our stadium district. So this guide helps you find pre-game fun at bars, restaurants, shopping and…
Insider’s Guide: The Terminal
This former five-block-long produce facility has transformed into a destination you'll need an entire day to enjoy!
Always Something New: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/theres-always-something-happening-at-the-terminal/
Northside & North Shore Family Fun
Must-see museums. The National Aviary. World-class concert venues. Dining for all ages. The North Shore is a one-stop shop for trips with little ones.
Northside Music Festival
A look at the signature festival that helps define what makes our Deutschtown neighborhood so special
See below for a list of all 90 unique neighborhoods that make up Pittsburgh.
Click any of the links to explore things to do, places to eat and more in that neighborhood. More neighborhood guides are being developed each month.
Allegheny Center
Allegheny West
Allentown
Arlington
Arlington Heights
Banksville
Bedford Dwellings
Beechview
Beltzhoover
Bloomfield
Bluff
Bon Air
Brighton Heights
Brookline
California Kirkbride
Carrick
Central Lawrenceville
Central North Side
Central Oakland
Central Oakland: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/pittsburgh-dining-guide-oakland-neighborhood/
Chartiers City
Chateau
Crafton Heights
Crawford-Roberts
Downtown
Duquesne Heights
East Allegheny
East Carnegie
East Hills
East Liberty
East Liberty: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/east-liberty-garfield-and-friendship-neighborhood-guide/
Elliott
Esplen
Fairywood
Fineview
Friendship
Garfield
Glen Hazel
Greenfield
Hays
Hazelwood
Highland Park
Homewood North
Homewood South
Homewood West
Knoxville
Larimer
Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar
Lincoln Place
Lower Lawrenceville
Manchester
Marshall-Shadeland
Middle Hill
Morningside
Mount Oliver
Mount Washington
New Homestead
North Oakland
North Shore
Northview Heights
Oakwood
Overbrook
Perry North
Perry South
Point Breeze
Point Breeze North
Polish Hill
Regent Square
Regent Square: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/regent-square-pittsburgh/
Ridgemont
Shadyside
Shadyside: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/discovering-shadyside/
Sheraden
South Oakland
South Shore
South Side Flats
South Side Slopes
Spring Garden
Spring Hill-City View
Squirrel Hill North
Squirrel Hill South
St. Clair
Stanton Heights
Strip District
Summer Hill
Swisshelm Park
Terrace Village
Troy Hill
Troy Hill: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/troy-hill-neighborhood-guide/
Upper Hill
Upper Lawrenceville
West End
West Oakland
West Wood
Windgap
Things to Do
A City of Multitudes
Events & Festivals
​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh.
Restaurants & Culinary
Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods
120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.