Visit Pittsburgh | Official Tourism Site for Pittsburgh, PA.

Pittsburgh Will Surprise You.
Your new year begins in our city of multitudes.
Spring and sunshine are making their way into the region, which means plenty of activities are starting to get outside. You can too with baseball season and different festivals and concerts throughout the city, or you can wait out the last bits of cold with tons of indoor adventures still to be had.
St. Patrick's Day is also right around the corner, so grab your favorite people and head out to at one of the largest St. Patrick's Day Parades in the United States.
For those ready to ditch their winter coats, we've got a lineup of spring scenes to fling yourself into. The Spring Flower Show kicks off at Phipps Conservatory, the Pirates host the Yankees in this year's home opener at PNC Park and Friday fish fries will fill the area for a few weeks.
Need more ideas? Take a ride on the Inclines and grab the perfect photo as the snow falls. Or, just pick a new neighborhood to explore!
Fill your itinerary by picking a new craft brewery to try or refueling with dinner plans featuring iconic Pittsburgh eats such as the 2024 James Beard Award-nominated Apteka and Pusadee's Garden.
Rest up at fantastic accommodations to recharge for the next day of exploring.
The Pick is In! Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026.
Partnered with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the NFL Draft…
Lonely Planet’s 2025 Global Best in Travel.
Pittsburgh was featured on the Top 10 Cities list, the ONLY U.S. city selected!
2026 NFL Draft.
Upcoming Concerts in Pittsburgh.
Plan your 2025 concert lineup at iconic Pittsburgh venues.
Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh.
Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.
Unique Date Nights in Pittsburgh.
Celebrate the one you love with these unique Pittsburgh date night ideas!
Trace Echo: An Uptown Gathering Space for Coffee, Pints & Pittsburgh Community.
Since early October, there's been a new venue in town with a familiar name, Trace…
Best Donut Shops in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth.

Plan Your Trip.
Celebrating a Diverse Pittsburgh.
Discover how Pittsburgh’s diversity and vibrant 90 neighborhoods make our region a major travel destination to discover and celebrate.
Bringing the Community Together.
VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.