How to turn on JavaScript: https://support.office.com/article/Enable-JavaScript-7BB9EE74-6A9E-4DD1-BABF-B0A1BB136361
Accessibility View: https://sway.cloud.microsoft/6Pr0g8iCs9pEoT5s?accessible=true
Mayor Gainey 2025
Governing Agenda
For the past three years, Mayor Gainey has been
rebuilding city government and putting it to work
for everyone.
In 2025, the Gainey Administration is focused on a
bold agenda to complete our work to transform
neighborhood safety , create and preserve thousands more affordable homes , finish the work
of strengthening our infrastructure , continue to foster a welcoming and growing community , and
build a more equitable city
Complete our work to transform
neighborhood safety
Shootings and homicides had jumped 46% in the year
before Mayor Gainey took office. Only half of
Pittsburgh residents felt their neighborhood was
adequately policed.Police struggled to respond to
mental health and overdose crises – 1⁄3 of all
calls.Unsheltered unhoused people eclipsed sheltered
unhoused people for the first time.
When Mayor Gainey stepped into office, he pledged
to make Pittsburgh a city where no one lives in fear of
crime or of the police, and where we maximize the
use of public health and community-led safety
strategies.
We made government work...
Our communities are safer
Homicides have fallen by 27%; if current trends hold, 2024 will have seen
zero youth gun-related deaths in the Homewood neighborhood, thanks in
part to the efforts of our REACH program.
Our officers are more accountable
New police leadership and new police union contract with stronger
discipline structure.
We put government to work for
everyone...
Ongoing care for the most frequent users of 911
Sustained, durable support to hundreds of vulnerable people per month
with difficult-to-manage chronic health conditions; previously, these
patients made many of the city’s 911 calls for help with falls, mobility
challenges, and mental health issues.
Mental health crisis response
Jump-started a program that was serving very few people; now serving
hundreds of vulnerable people per month through the Co-Response
program.
Next we will...
End chronic homelessness
Make the City safer by letting police focus on violent actors and have
social workers, technology, and unarmed personnel handle the rest
Continue to dramatically reduce homicides and non-fatal shootings
Create and preserve thousands more
affordable homes
In 2019, our city was short over 10,000 affordable
homes to meet the needs of the lowest-income
households.
The number of Black homeowners in Pittsburgh
dropped by over 700 between 2015 and 2019, while
the number of homeowners from every other racial
and ethnic group increased.
When Mayor Gainey stepped into office, he pledged
to make Pittsburgh a city where everyone belongs
and affordability is not a luxury.
We made government work...
It is quicker to build
By cutting steps in our permit process and making it so applicants only
deal with one entity instead of three, we are making it faster and simpler to
build.
We are using public land for public good
Between 2014-2021, the Land Bank moved zero properties. Under our
stewardship, 150 properties have moved or are in process, to be used for
community purposes, affordable housing, and other public uses.
We put government to work for
everyone...
Historic housing bond
We have nearly 2,000 new or preserved affordable units completed, under
construction, or currently in process, and we launched an historic $32
million URA bond to support affordable housing; at least 1,000 units will be
preserved and created within the first three years.
Unlocking new housing in every neighborhood
Our changes to the zoning code will maximize the new homes that can be
built in every single neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
Next we will...
Cut our affordable housing deficit in half
Reverse the loss of 700 Black homeowners over the last decade
Finish strengthening our infrastructure
Between 2010-2020, we lost 200 Pittsburghers to
traffic violence; 55 were walking, six were riding a
bicycle.
The Fern Hollow Bridge collapsed on January 28,
2022, one example of the aging infrastructure we
inherited.
In 2021, 100% of total energy for City facilities came
from fossil fuels.
When Mayor Gainey stepped into office, he pledged
to make Pittsburgh a city that prioritizes
environmental health, traffic safety, and accessibility.
We made government work...
Safeguarding our bridges
Implemented a faster, smarter approach to repair our bridges; we have
since spent $2M+ to improve the bridges at greatest risk, with 18 planned/
ongoing bridge repair and replacement projects.
Making neighborhood streets safer
Have increased the funding for traffic calming projects by 146% and
prioritized areas of highest need, improving the safety of our
neighborhood streets by slowing down traffic and enhancing the
pedestrian and cycling experience.
We put government to work for
everyone...
Building the city of the future
Creating first-ever comprehensive plan, which will set us on a course to
make the Pittsburgh of 2050 a more environmentally just, inclusive, and
resilient city.
Taking steps to become a more sustainable City
40% of total energy for City facilities now comes directly from wind.
Undoing harm, creating opportunity for Black residents
Secured $1.2 million to reconnect the Chateau and Manchester
neighborhoods, separated by Route 65 since the late 1960s.
Next we will...
Make our streets, bridges, and retaining walls solid and safe
Protect communities from climate risk, including landslides and
flooding
Achieve 100% renewable energy for City facilities
Continue to support a welcoming,
growing Pittsburgh
Despite our vibrant, proud cultures, our population
has been declining, challenging our economic health.
When Mayor Gainey stepped into office, he pledged
to make Pittsburgh a city that invests in its young
people and welcomes new residents and those who
have left back.
We made government work...
Brought the City to the neighborhoods
Through extensive direct outreach to residents in underserved
communities, we increased service requests from these communities by
46% while still maintaining our completion rates.
We put government to work for
everyone...
Bringing home new resources to invest in our young people and a
more equitable future for all residents
Built intergovernmental relationships and secured $328M+ in state and
federal funding to support our infrastructure, workforce, affordable
housing, youth opportunities, and public safety.
Next we will...
Bring young people into our decision-making
Provide career opportunities for every young graduate who wants to
stay in Pittsburgh
Transform our recreation centers into dynamic community hubs for
youth and families
Protect and include all of our neighbors to make this a city for all
Build a more equitable city
In 2019, a Black resident moving from Pittsburgh to just about any other city
in the U.S. would see their life expectancy, income, children’s educational
opportunities, and employment improve.
When Mayor Gainey stepped into office, he pledged to make Pittsburgh a
city that makes opportunity abundant for all.
We made government work...
Unrigging rules so inclusion is the norm
In our first year, we increased MBE participation by 35%, selected our first-
ever LGBTQIA+ certified vendor on a City contract, and stewarded a 3000%
increase in MWDBE utilization in our City’s Comprehensive Municipal
Pension Trust Fund.
We put government to work for
everyone...
City leadership looks like the communities we serve
We have made our Boards and Commissions more diverse - getting
younger; more Black, Hispanic, and more mixed-race; as well as increasing
representation of women. Through strategies to build equitable talent our
hiring trends have either matched the demographic makeup of our City or
been more diverse.
Next we will...
Make sure that our City’s dollars and resources benefit all
Pittsburghers, including those historically left out and left behind
Build a system of care that connects residents to the skills and services
they need to access dignified employment
Activate labor rights and protections that are guaranteed under City
code but have largely existed in name only
Open as a pdf
Open as a pdf: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QmxM6oGvYHvy7dAF-Odbgl6EnzLtGCYk/view?usp=sharing
Made with Microsoft Sway: https://www.office.com/
Create and share interactive reports, presentations, personal stories, and more.