Beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. Please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on Monday
Select the Escape key to close the menu. Focus will then be set to the first menu item.
The Forestry Division within the Department of Public Works mission is to provide prompt, efficient, and safe delivery of arboricultural services to City of Pittsburgh residents. The Forestry Division is also responsible for the maintenance and health of Pittsburgh's Urban Canopy including: 33,000+ street trees, trails, riverfronts, greenways, public facilities and right of ways. Over the next 20 years, Pittsburgh's urban forest will be a vital & well-managed asset that is locally valued and nationally recognized for its positive social, environmental, economic and public health impacts on the Community and greater region.
We also offer support to residents and community members who would like to help us grow and maintain our urban canopy.
The following information is provided to help you understand more about trees, understand how the City of Pittsburgh maintains a healthy urban forest through providing expert maintenance for the trees owned by the City or found in the right-of-way. We welcome you to learn more about trees with the following links and resources to engage in the City processes surrounding the care and planting of trees.
The Forestry Division takes care of many seasonal projects such as the annual Holiday Tree Light up Celebration. City Forestry is also responsible for maintaining the 33000+ street trees, Parks and greenspaces. If a resident would like to report an issue to City Forestry. Please contact the City's 311 service center at 412-255-2621 or simply dial 311 on your landline or mobile phone. You can also submit a request through 311 .
USDA (US Department of Agriculture protocol)
How to Build a Spotted Lanternfly Circle Trap (psu.edu)
As far as a chemical control goes, this is what Penn State University has. Spotted Lanternfly Management and Pesticide Safety
Article Chemical Treatment Cost Prohibited and Non-Effective in Long Run Systemic control, injection, $15 an inch of trunk diameter, so for example a 10 inch street tree would cost around $150.00 and wouldn't help with the lanternflies on nearby grape vines and porcelain berry, so it would have a primarily cosmetic effect for a couple of weeks. It would take months to inject all of the trees, by which point the season would be coming to a close. Foliar spraying would be faster, but significantly more dangerous to both the safety of our water supplies, native insect and reptile species, pets, and park-users, and pedestrians, as it would involve essentially fogging the forest or streets with insecticides. It would work for a couple of weeks, and then they would move in from the surrounding infected parts of the County and City and we'd be back to square one. I don't really have a price estimate for foliar work, as it is done by time and materials.
Discover how Pittsburgh enhances its neighborhoods with trees. From urban forest management by Davey Resource Group to community tree planting with TreeVitalize, join us in nurturing our green spaces.
Discover Pittsburgh's commitment to urban trees! From the Urban Forest Master Plan by Davey Resource Group to TreeVitalize planting over 29,000 trees since 2008, we're greening neighborhoods and enhancing community pride. Explore more at Burghs Eye View Trees.
The City of Pittsburgh works with numerous groups in maintaining our trees.
Join us as Pittsburgh marks 17 years as a Tree City USA! From planting events to school and university initiatives, explore our commitment to urban forestry. Volunteer opportunities available citywide this spring. Discover more at Pittsburgh Canopy Alliance.
Want a tree for shade, beauty, or remembrance on public property in Pittsburgh? Submit your request to the Forestry Division. Access the form and explore planting locations on the City Wide Green Space Planting Map.
Request tree work from the City of Pittsburgh by contacting the City Forestry Division through the 311 Response Center. Whether you need pruning, removal, or stump grinding, all requests for street or park trees must go through this process.
Discover how Pittsburgh residents can appeal street tree removals. Learn about the process, required documents, and how to submit an appeal.
Learn how to request tree plantings, handle tree maintenance, and more. Explore guidelines and resources for planting and caring for trees in the city.
Many Pittsburgh neighborhoods have less than 20% tree cover, worsening health and pollution. This project expands greenery to provide shade, combat heat, and enhance quality of life while involving the community to ensure lasting impact.
City of Pittsburgh 414 Grant St. Pittsburgh, PA 15219 (Accessibility entrance on Ross St.) View on Map 412-255-2621