Skip to main content: #content
Menu: #navlinks
Projects: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/projects
Neighborhood Services Hub: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/neighborhood-services-hub
Log In / Join: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/login
My profile: #
Edit profile: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/account
Sign out: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/login/logout/LOGOUT_TOKEN
You are here:
My Brother’s Keeper (MBK) Pittsburgh is an initiative that originated from the Obama administration to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by boys and young men of color and ensure all young people can reach their full potential .
originated from the Obama administration: https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/my-brothers-keeper#section-about-my-brothers-keeper
The City of Pittsburgh has embraced former President Barack Obama's call to action fo r “ My Brother's Keeper. ” Mayor Ed Gainey is implementing a cross-sector alliance with firm commitments to join the administration's effort in creating a more equitabl e and inclusive Pittsburgh.
Together we can build unity and improve our beautiful city where all our residents , especially boys and young men of color , are safe and free from violence, feel welcome, see themselves in a positive manner, and have equitable access to opportunities that allow them to thrive in Pittsburgh.
After reviewing demographic, social, economic, and crime data as well as numerous community and academic reports, our advisory committee members and staff have been diligently plan ning and strategiz ing to reignite and move forward the work around MBK by structuring our community network to meet the needs of every B lack man and boy.
MBK Pittsburgh wants to create a region where our B lack men and boys are : safe and free from violence, feel welcome and see themselves in a positive manner, and have equitable access to opportunities that allow them to thrive.
The My Brother's Keeper initiative seeks to address the unique challenges faced by individuals within our high- and extreme-need communities by providing a platform for mentorship, educational resources, employment opportunities, and community engagement through  six key milestone goals:
high- and extreme-need communities: https://storymaps.arcgis.com/stories/99526e5b5e544f6d8f41e386bc593110
Mayor Gainey and his administration are dedicated to improving the current condition within all six milestone goals through partnership and collaboration to provide wrap-around services and resources for our B lack men and boys within the City of Pittsburgh. Together we can foster a sense of belonging and support to empower individuals to overcome obstacles and achieve their full potential.
We will add people as we accept nominees.
Create an account or log in to share your thoughts and ideas.
City of Pittsburgh
R obert Morris University
Operation Better Block
Homewood Children’s Village
Pennsylvania State House
U . S . Attorneys ’ Office s
University of Pittsburgh Office of New Student Programs
Department of Public Works, City of Pittsburgh
Department of Public Safety , City of Pittsburgh
Department of Public Safety, City of Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Regional Alliance
odman Street Missionary Baptist Church
Meeter Feeder
Jones Day
PUMP
1Nation Mentorin
Pittsburgh Public Schools
Center for Victims
Office of the Mayor, City of Pittsburgh
Office of the Mayor, City of Pittsburgh
Timeline item 1 - complete
Obama Foundation Visit To Pittsburgh
September 25, 2024
This event was held in support of the Obama Foundation, which seeks to inspire, empower, and connect people to change our world. This was the City’s first opportunity to share its vision and goals for My Brother ’ s Keeper , as well as what it ha s acc omplished so far.
Timeline item 2 - complete
Oct. 2023 Advisory Committee Meeting
October 30, 2023
This was the first Advisory Committee meeting to reengage with the My Brother’s Keeper Efforts and align ourselves on the goals and vision of the initiative.
Timeline item 3 - complete
Attending Obama Foundation Democracy Forum
November 3, 2023 to November 5, 2023
This event was part of the Obama Foundation’s ongoing effort to encourage stakeholders to come together and learn, connect, and take lesson’s learned home in an effort to strengthen democracy around the world.
Timeline item 4 - complete
Completed Obama Foundation Certification Process
December 1, 2023
MBK Pittsburgh is recognized as National MBK City in the Obama Foundation network. This will bring national attention to the work we are doing.
Timeline item 5 - complete
Dec. 2023 Advisory Committee Meeting
December 19, 2023
We revisited the purpose of My Brother’s Keeper, discussed the current progress of work so far, and discussed the outcomes we want to pursue and in which manner we should pursue them.
Timeline item 6 - complete
Jan. 2024 Advisory Committee Meeting
January 30, 2024
In this meeting the Advisory Committee members discuss ed the role s and expectations of the Advisory Committee members, our timeline of events moving forward, and previous reports that were created with the original Advisory Committee .
Timeline item 7 - complete
Feb. 2024 Advisory Committee Meeting
February 28, 2024
In this meeting the Advisory Committee members discussed alignment on subcommittee guidelines and operations as well as logistics for the upcoming H ealth and W e llness S ummit.
Timeline item 8 - complete
March 2024 Advisory Committee Meeting
March 25, 2024
This meeting served as report - outs from the work our subcommittee groups established and develop alignment on data-informed approaches .
Timeline item 9 - complete
April 2024 Bloomberg Associates Visit Pittsburgh
April 25, 2024 to April 26, 2024
Bloomberg Associates visited MBK Pittsburgh to align our goals , metrics, and stakeholders to build a fra mework for our strategic plan for the next 3 to 5 years .
Timeline item 10 - complete
June 2024 Just Heal, Bro Tour
June 20, 2024
MBK Pittsburgh kicked off its Health and Wellness Summit by focusing on Mental Health, with the Just Heal ,Bro Tour coming to Pittsburgh .
This free event is a Black Male Mental Health interactive panel, providing an educational experience that fosters healing through experiential and clinical dialogue as well as receive contextual and culturally responsive solutions .
Timeline item 11 - complete
July 2024 Black Men's Wellness Day
July 27, 2024
MBK Pittsburgh partner ed with the African American Male Wellness Agency to host Black Men's Wellness Day on Saturday, July 27 to improve the livelihood of Black men and boys. Black m en from across the city received free health screenings and participated in a 5K walk and run.
Timeline item 12 - complete
August 2024 Late Night Basketball Stakeholder Conversation
August 1, 2024
MBK Pittsburgh is launching a late-night basketball program for young adults (ages 18 to 26 years old) to provide them a safe place and safe activities in the evenings. This initiative advances Mayor Gainey’s violence prevention strategy by providing constructive activities to young people and connects them to resources to help address root causes of violence.
Timeline item 13 - active
Developing Strategic Plan
Late Night Basketball Initiative
My Brother’s Keeper (MBK) Pittsburgh under the leadership of Mayor Gainey is launching a late-night basketball program for young adults; ages 18-26 to provide them a safe place and safe activities. This initiative is designed to advanced Mayor Gainey’s violence prevention strategy to provide safe places for youth by providing constructive activities and connections to resources that are root causes to the violence taking place within this age group. Our goal is to take our most at-risk youth and place them on a pathway to prosperity to improve their personal and professional growth and take their shared learnings back to their families and neighborhoods. Initiatives like this play a crucial role in spearheading efforts for a safer city by addressing the underlying causes of violence and offering a constructive avenue through the universal language of sports, which has the power to bridge diverse backgrounds and bring communities together.
Through this initiative, participants will play in a 9-week basketball season that connects them to activities and resources that develops their personal and professional skills. Basketball and hot meals are the incentive to get participants involved, however, our key goals for this initiative is to connect our participants to the supportive services provided at the games and open gyms.
Participants and mentors can register here: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?i...
https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?i...: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=F3n09QTJaEORINMnzxdVkRDrcrWjVKtBlf8jvzzeE4VUNjAzTE8xR0dJTE5NOVg5WlgxSDAwVFE2Ry4u
Listening Session - South
Warrington Rec Center (329 E Warrington Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh.
Listening Session - East
University of Pitt CEC (622 N Homewood Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh
Late Night Basketball Initiative
My Brother’s Keeper (MBK) Pittsburgh under the leadership of Mayor Gainey is launching a late-night basketball program for young adults; ages 18-26 to provide them a safe place and safe activities. This initiative is designed to advanced Mayor Gainey’s violence prevention strategy to provide safe places for youth by providing constructive activities and connections to resources that are root causes to the violence taking place within this age group. Our goal is to take our most at-risk youth and place them on a pathway to prosperity to improve their personal and professional growth and take their shared learnings back to their families and neighborhoods. Initiatives like this play a crucial role in spearheading efforts for a safer city by addressing the underlying causes of violence and offering a constructive avenue through the universal language of sports, which has the power to bridge diverse backgrounds and bring communities together.
Through this initiative, participants will play in a 9-week basketball season that connects them to activities and resources that develops their personal and professional skills. Basketball and hot meals are the incentive to get participants involved, however, our key goals for this initiative is to connect our participants to the supportive services provided at the games and open gyms.
Participants and mentors can register here: https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?i...
Listening Session - South
Warrington Rec Center (329 E Warrington Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh.
Listening Session - East
University of Pitt CEC (622 N Homewood Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh
Listening Session - West
Sheraden Senior Center (720 Sherwood Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh
Listening Session - North
Young Brother’s Bar Event Center (1441 Woods Run Ave)
MBK Pittsburgh will be hosting a series of listening sessions aimed to capture feedback, suggestions, input from youth, organizations dedicated to violence prevention, and community members, specifically bla ck men and boys of color.
Sessions will consist of a safe and inclusive environment where attendees could freely express their thoughts, concerns, and ideas about violence prevention, educational attainment, and workforce development.
By participating , attendees will play a key role in shaping solutions and priorities that directly inform MBK Pittsburgh’s Strategic Plan, ensuring it reflects the needs and aspirations of the community.
This is an opportunity to be heard, contribute to meaningful change, and help build a stronger, more inclusive Pittsburgh
Create an account or log in to share your thoughts and ideas.
Fill out this Form to nominate a Black man or boy in your life to be highlighted by MBK Pittsburgh for their community service, philanthropy, leadership, innovation, achievement, dedication to public service, civic engagement, environmental stewardship, cultural preservation, and acts of bravery or heroism.
Fill out this Form to nominate a Black man or boy in your life to be highlighted by MBK Pittsburgh for their community service, philanthropy, leadership, innovation, achievement, dedication to public service, civic engagement, environmental stewardship, cultural preservation, and acts of bravery or heroism.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/city.of.pittsburgh
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/city-of-pittsburgh
X: https://twitter.com/citypgh?lang=en
Privacy Policy: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/privacy-policy
Terms of Use: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/terms-use
Accessibility: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/accessibility
Moderation: https://engage.pittsburghpa.gov/moderation
Engage Pittsburgh: /
This site is owned and operated by the City of Pittsburgh using software licensed from Social Pinpoint. For details on how the City of Pittsburgh collects and protects your personal information, refer to their Privacy Policy below. For details of how Social Pinpoint may access personal information, please refer to Social Pinpoint’s Privacy Policy .
Social Pinpoint’s Privacy Policy: https://www.socialpinpoint.com/privacy-policy/
The City of Pittsburgh is committed to protecting online users’ privacy. We believe that protection of personal privacy on the Internet is our responsibility – to assure user confidence, increase participation in online activities, and support effective delivery of services. The City intends to give you as much control as possible over your personal information.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, your information. The following is the privacy policy for this site:
If you send us an electronic mail message with a question or comment that contains personal identification information or fill out an online engagement form, we will only use the personally identifiable information to respond to your request and analyze trends. We may redirect your message to another government agency who is in a better position to answer your question.
This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information and will not be released to any outside parties unless we are legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings.
The following Terms and Conditions govern the use of Engage PGH (“the site”). The software platform is owned by Social Pinpoint Pty Ltd and operated by us, the City of Pittsburgh.
By accessing and using this site, you are choosing to accept and comply with the Terms presented throughout this agreement as well as the Privacy Policy and Moderation Policy. These Terms apply to all visitors and users of this site. Linked sites, affiliated services or third party content or software have their own Terms that you must comply with. If you disagree with any of the Terms presented in this agreement, you may discontinue using the site immediately.
If you are under 18 years old, please ensure that your parent or guardian understands and accepts these Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy and Moderation Policy).
What are the conditions with a user’s account?
While using the site, you must not violate any applicable laws and regulations. It is our duty to protect the confidentiality of content you provide on our site in accordance with our Privacy Policy. When you create an account with us, you must always provide us with accurate information. Failure to provide accurate information violates the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our service. You are responsible for protecting your own password you use for this site and for any activities done under that password. Unauthorised use of your password or account must be immediately reported to us. In some cases, we or our agents may require access to your user accounts to respond to technical issues.
We are not responsible for the content on the site that has been provided by the users of the site. Any content posted by you is subject to the rules of our Moderation Policy. Your contribution to the site may be edited, removed or not published if we consider it inappropriate (refer to Moderation Policy). Contributors should also be aware that their posts may remain online indefinitely. Where practical, you may choose not to identify yourself, deal with us on an anonymous basis or use a pseudonym.
What do we require from our users?
You must understand and agree that, without limitation:
Can your account be suspended or terminated?
We may terminate or suspend access to your site and/or account immediately, without prior notice, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. We may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all the related files and information in your account. After your account has been terminated, the content you have posted may also remain indefinitely on the site.
If you want to terminate your own account, please send an email to engage@pittsburghpa.gov.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, the United States, and Australia, without regards to its conflict of law provisions.
Indemnification
The City of Pittsburgh, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, licensors and other partners are not responsible for any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising from a breach of this agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
What content do we own?
This website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and other proprietary information (“Intellectual Property”) of the City of Pittsburgh and its suppliers and licensors. The City of Pittsburgh owns and retains all proprietary rights in the intellectual property. All intellectual property in the content of this site including without limitation to text, software, source code, pages, documents and online graphics, photographs, sounds, audio, video and other interactive features are owned by or licensed to us.
Any original content that you submit or post on our site may be made available to the public and allows users to share your content (with the end user acknowledging your contribution) under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 Australian License.
Except for Intellectual Property which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, alter, transmit, sell, distribute any of the Intellectual Property on this site.
We are not responsible for your communications or dealings, including payment and delivery of goods or services, with a third party found via our website. Any loss or damage incurred from those communications or dealings are solely between the user and the third party.
Disclaimer and Warranties
Users must agree that you use of the site is at your own risk. We make no warranty that the site will meet your requirements or be uninterrupted or error-free. Any material that the user downloads through the site is done at their own risk and are responsible for any damages to their computer system or loss of data.
What happens if these Terms change?
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time without notice. The most recent version of the Terms can be seen on this page. By continuing to access or use our site after those revisions become effective, you agree and will comply to the revised terms. If you do not agree to the revised terms, please discontinue using our site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at engage@pittsburghpa.gov.
Need an account? Sign up today
Cancel
Enter your email address below. We will send you instructions to reset your password.
Back to Log in
Creating an account helps us better understand your needs and the needs of the community.
Already have an account? Log in now
Thank you, your account has been created.
Completing the questions below helps us better understand the diverse range of people who contribute their ideas. The questions are optional.
You’re using an outdated browser. Some features of this website may not work correctly. To get a better experience we strongly recommend you download a new browser for free:
Download Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
Download Firefox: https://getfirefox.com/
Download Edge: https://www.microsoft.com/edge
Download Safari: https://support.apple.com/downloads/safari
Would you like to follow this project to receive email updates?