Cookie Tour 2023 - Lawrenceville Corporation.

Cookie Tour 2023.

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9 AND SUNDAY, DECEMBER 10.

12PM-5PM.
Mark your calendars because the Cookie Tour is happening on Saturday, December 9th, and Sunday, December 10th, from 12 pm to 5 pm. That’s two whole days of scrumptious adventure waiting for you!
For an amazing twenty-six years, we’ve been ringing in the holiday season by inviting folks to join us in Lawrenceville’s business district to do their holiday shopping, meet our local business owners and snack on all kinds of homemade cookies. The Cookie Tour has grown into an absolute sensation, becoming one of the largest and most sought-after holiday events in the entire region. Not only is it a festive extravaganza, but it’s also a lifeline for our cherished small businesses.
As we get closer to the event, we’ll publish a map that showcases all the amazing businesses participating. Keep an eye out for those adorable gingerbread people outside these businesses – they’re your tasty beacons, guiding you to the most delectable cookie stops in town! Major updates will be posted here, but the best way to follow along is on the event’s Facebook and Instagram.
And if that’s not enough, we’ll have an event trolley that’ll whisk you through Upper, Central, and Lower Lawrenceville, spanning both Butler Street AND Penn Avenue. Can you rise to the challenge and visit all 79 stops? Get ready for the sweetest adventure of the year! Lawrenceville Cookie Tour 2023 – let’s make it a cookie-tastic extravaganza like no other!
We are also bringing back the Cookie Tour Cup – which business has the best cookie?! You get to decide. A trophy will go to the people’s choice for best cookie of the tour.
Special thank you to our Cookie Cup Trophy Sponsor – Pittsburgh Trophy Co.

FOLLOW ALONG TO SEE ALL THE COOKIE MAGIC.

Thank you to Our Sponsors!

Thank you to Our Sponsors!
Ice House Studios
100 43rd
Suite 208
Pittsburgh, PA 15201
412-621-1616.
Copyright © 2015 - 2025.
LAWRENCEVILLE CORPORATION. All Rights Reserved.
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you soon.
Start typing and press Enter to search.