Fall Events & Festivals in Pittsburgh 2024 | Visit Pittsburgh.

Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2024 Guide | Fairs, Events & More.
Colorful foliage. Crisp air. Pumpkins. What's not to love about Fall?
As the temperatures start to cool down, fall festival season begins heating up! Explore a pumpkin patch at a scenic farm, celebrate at cultural festivals in the city and more with Pennsylvania's stunning fall colors as a backdrop. Happy Fall!
Halloween fans, we have a list of haunts for you, too.

Upcoming Fall Festivals.
Dates will be updated for 2024 as soon as possible here. Check back for more fall festivals as they are announced.

Kickoff and Rib Festival - Acrisure Stadium.
Aug. 29-Sept. 2, 2024.
Western PA football kicks off right at Acrisure Stadium, home of the Pitt Panthers and Pittsburgh Steelers! Enjoy five days of football, amazing ribs, live music, the area's largest cornhole tournament and more at this free fest.

Pittsburgh Soul Food Festival - The Plaza at PPG Place & Market Square.
Aug. 30-Sept. 1, 2024.
Enjoy a Soulful Taste of the Burgh at this free festival spotlighting Black culinary, butchery and food businesses. While the fantastic food takes center stage, a small business market, live music, BBQ contest and cultural activities make this event an all-day affair!

Britsburgh.
Sept. 2-7, 2024.
Bringing a bit of Britain to Pittsburgh, the 2024 Britsburgh Festival is chockablock with events from afternoon teas and cask tapping to Shakespeare performances and even a polo match, all designed to bring people together over a shared love of all things British!

ReelAbilities Film Festival - Pittsburgh Playhouse.
Sept. 5-11, 2024.
The ReelAbilities Film Festival presents award-winning films through the lens of individuals living with disabilities. In addition to impactful films, the festival also features artwork and special guests to bring the themes of community and shared human experience to the forefront. ReelAbilities is a program of Film Pittsburgh.

Pittsburgh Irish Festival - Carrie Blast Furnaces.
Sept. 6-8, 2024.
Guests at this year’s Pittsburgh Irish Festival can expect to see their favorite Irish international, national, and local acts in person at the event’s 33rd Annual Celtic Celebration! The line-up features new bands, phenomenal solo performers, well-known favorites, local Irish dance groups and more on four stages for non-stop fun and enjoyment.

The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival - The Stacks at 3 Crossings.
Sept. 14, 2024.
Pittsburgh's top tacos and food trucks take over the Strip District! Enjoy this community-centered event which features more than 25 food trucks and vendors plus live music, an art market and family fun. This festival is produced with the support of the Pittsburgh Hispanic Development Corporation and Latin American Cultural Union.

Allegheny County Fall Concert Series - Various Parks.
Saturdays Sept. 14-Oct. 5.
A new tradition continues this fall when music fills the region's parks during the Fall Concert Series. Enjoy live performances from the Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra as well as rock, polka and country bands at a rotating list of parks.

Phantom Fall Fest - Kennywood.
Select Dates Sept. 20-Oct. 27, 2024.
Experience Kennywood's new Phantom Fall Fest! Visit the park during the day for family-friendly fun, including festive food and a unique Kennywood autumn atmosphere. After dark, the Phantom takes screams to the extreme with seven haunted houses and four scare zones.

Triple B Farms Fall Fun - Monongahela, PA.
Select Dates Starting Sept. 21-22, 2024.
If you're looking for a fall festival mixed with a carnival check out Triple B Farms this fall. The family-friendly festival includes traditional activities like a pick-your-own pumpkin patch, cut-your-own sunflowers and hayrides on the farm along with some fun but unexpected activities like the Liberty Tube and Squirrel Hill Tunnel Slides, a haunted barn and more.

Pittsburgh Chinese Cultural Festival - Mellon Park.
Sept. 21, 2024.
Come experience the biggest Chinese community event in Pittsburgh at this free festival. Celebrate Chinese heritage, watch traditional performances, listen to beautiful music and enjoy some delicious food.

South Park Hay Day - South Park & Hartwood Acres.
Sept. 21 (Hartwood Acres) and 28 (South Park), 2024.
Join Allegheny County parks for a day full of free family-friendly fall activities. Families can enjoy hay rides, a hay maze, a pumpkin patch trip, a barnyard petting zoo and more. Food, beverages and snacks will be available for sale from food trucks and vendors.

Pittsburgh Silent Film Festival.
Sept. 29-Oct. 6, 2024.
Enjoy nine films from the silent film era screened at eight venues throughout Pittsburgh, all with live musical accompaniment.

Oktoberfest Pittsburgh - Downtown Pittsburgh.
Oct. 3-13, 2024.
Throughout the 11-day festival, Market Square and Sixth Street Bridge will be transformed into a Biergarten and Karneval with activities for everyone, including live music, Ferris wheel, Feats of Strength competitions, Dachshund Races, a KinderPlay family area, Veterans Night, and more.

Jack O’Lantern Extravaganza - Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium.
Oct. 3-Nov. 3, 2024.
Pittsburgh Zoo & Aquarium will illuminate the city with thousands of artistically carved pumpkins glowing on your night walk through this gourd-geous new display. ZooBoo trick-or-treating will also return during daytime hours the last two weekends of Oct.

Mars Applefest - Mars, PA.
Oct. 4, 2024.
Experience the Mars Applefest with food, fun, shopping, games, crafts, 150+ vendors and entertainment.

Confluence PumpkinFest - Laurel Highlands.
Oct. 4-6, 2024.
Participate in a Fall Foliage celebration during the Confluence PumpkinFest. The festival includes a variety of events like the Pumpkinfest Queen Pageant, a 5K run/walk, an antique and classic auto show, a parade and a largest pumpkin contest.

Fall Flower Show - Phipps Conservatory & Botanical Gardens.
Oct. 5-27, 2024.
Experience the breathtaking and festive Fall Flower Show: Rhythm and Blooms. Every room at Phipps is inspired by a different music genre accompanied by gorgeous chrysanthemums in all shapes, sizes and colors.

Festival of Combustion - Rivers of Steel.
Oct. 5, 2024.
This one is sure to be lit fam (is that what the kids say?). The hottest fall festival returns to Carrie Blast Furnaces with hands-on demonstrations, tours of the property, live music, craft beer and food trucks.

Autumnfest - Seven Springs Mountain Resort.
Saturdays & Sundays, Oct. 5-20, 2024.
Treat yourself to a spectacular weekend in the mountains and enjoy the best of Pennsylvania's beautiful fall foliage! Hop on the chairlift for an aerial view of the fiery colors of autumn. Shop from local artisans and crafters, enjoy live music and a mini getaway in the mountains during Autumnfest.

Autumn Serenade Luncheon Cruise - Gateway Clipper Fleet at Station Square.
Oct. 9, 12, 16, 19, 2024.
Enjoy a tasty autumn harvest lunch while taking in the sights of Pittsburgh fall foliage on a riverboat tour.

Fort Ligonier Days - Ligonier, PA.
Oct. 11-13, 2024.
Fort Ligonier Days is a three-day festival that commemorates the Battle of Fort Ligonier, a key engagement of the French & Indian War. The festival features historic battle reenactments, live music, authentic crafts, delicious food and more.

Houston Pumpkin Festival- Houston, PA.
October 11-13, 2024.
Features family fun for all ages, including; over 175 food and craft vendors, music and entertainment, children's games and activities, a parade, and many pumpkin related contests. Free admission.

Annual Country Fall Festival - Zelienople, PA.
Oct. 12-13, 2024.
Enjoy two days of musical entertainment, three towers of paranormal ghost walks, pumpkin and costume contests, chainsaw carving, petting zoo, free horse-drawn wagon rides, and historic encampments and demonstrations during the Zelienople Country Fall Festival.
Get a Taste of all things Pumpkin Spice in Pittsburgh!

Pittsburgh Coffee Week.
Oct. 13-19, 2024.
A weeklong celebration of everyone's favorite hot bean water with coffee-themed community events, drink specials at participating locations and collaborations with local businesses, all to elevate Pittsburgh's local coffee scene.

Pittsburgh Monster Pumpkins Festival.
Oct. 19-20, 2024.
Join in on the action during the Pittsburgh Monster Pumpkins Festival, featuring a "Costume Caper" 5K run/walk, pumpkin ragatta, pumpkin pie eating contest, giant pumpkin sculptures and, of course, record breaking giant pumpkins. This year's event is in a new location in the Strip District, at 3 Crossings Campus along 28th & 29th Street.

Past Fall Festivals.

Highmark Blues & Heritage Festival - Highmark Stadium.
Nov. 3-4, 2023.
Highmark Blues & Heritage Festival (HBHF) at Highmark Stadium features two days celebrating hope, roots and the connections that music makes across races, neighborhoods and beliefs. Presented by the August Wilson African American Cultural Center.

Three Stooges Festival - Harris Theater.
Sept. 16, 2023.
Enjoy six of the best Three Stooges shorts and see if you're a real wiseguy with Stooges trivia. Concessions will be available and the Harris Theater is now BYOB.

Trax Farms Fall Festival - Finleyville, PA.
Sept. 23-Oct. 22, 2023, Saturdays & Sundays.
Trax opens up its farm for the annual Fall Festival including pumpkin picking, hayrides, a 3-acre cornfield maze and more. Stop by the Cafe for a fresh apple dumpling and a mug of hot apple cider before heading home.

Pittsburgh Hispanic Heritage Festival.
Sept. 30, 2023.
This new, city-spanning cultural festival takes place across three separate venues on Sept. 30! Start with the Hispanic Heritage Community Festival at Heinz History Center from 9:30 a.m.-2 p.m., then head over to the Roberto Clemente Museum for the 3,000th Hit Open House, followed by Latin music sensation bringing down the house at PPG Paints Arena at 8 p.m.

Reel Q Pittsburgh LGBTQ+ Film Festival.
Oct. 6-15, 2023.
The annual Reel Q film festival in October is the sixth oldest LGBTQ+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in Pittsburgh. Reel Q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. The festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres.

Pumpkin Patch Trolley - Pennsylvania Trolley Museum.
Oct. 20-22, 2023.
Ride the trolley to the pumpkin patch for fall family fun!

Trick or Trolley - Pennsylvania Trolley Museum.
Oct. 28-29, 2023.
Trick or treat the Museum in your costumes!
Discover more upcoming Halloween events and happenings.
Enjoy Fall in and around Pittsburgh and let us know where your family went for a great experience using #LovePGH on social media!

Related Blogs.
Haunted Pittsburgh.
Fall in Love with Pittsburgh Fall Foliage.
Pittsburgh Fall Date Ideas.
Autumn Hikes, Bikes, Runs & Fun!
A Zombie Review and Some Science, Too!
Pittsburgh Fall Food And Drinks.
Fall Coffee & Cocktails Around Pittsburgh.

Related Content:
Kennywood4800 Kennywood Blvd.
West Mifflin, Pennsylvania 15122.
Film Pittsburgh1789 S. Braddock Ave., Ste. 565
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15218.
Gateway Clipper Fleet350 W. Station Square Dr.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219.
Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre2900 Liberty Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15201.
Pittsburgh Irish Festival1000 Sandcastle Dr.
West Homestead, Pennsylvania 15120.
August Wilson African American Cultural Center980 Liberty Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.