Soul Food Festival in Pittsburgh 2024 | Visit Pittsburgh.

Soul Food Festival.
Savor a soulful taste of the Burgh at Pittsburgh’s can’t miss Soul Food Festival!
Spice up your Labor Day weekend at Pittsburgh's Soul Food Festival – a mouthwatering celebration of the city's Black culinary, butchery, and food businesses. Established in 2019, this festival honors Pittsburgh's rich history of food service pioneers and entrepreneurs, dating back to 1795 when Charles Richards opened the city's first Black-owned restaurant and lodge. Spend the weekend feasting on soul food dishes from more than 100 small business vendors and food service proprietors, while enjoying live entertainment and engaging activities.

Soul Food Festival.

Event Details.

Soul Food & Good Times.
Indulge in a feast for the senses as soul food vendors serve up irresistible dishes. Witness pitmasters battle it out in the sizzling BBQ contest, explore rich cultural activities, and peruse unique crafts from talented vendors. As the aroma of soul food fills the air, visit the stages and dance the night away.

2024 Entertainment Schedule.

Friday, Aug. 30.
DJ Stage.
Main Stage.

Saturday, Aug. 31.
DJ Stage.
Main Stage.

Sunday, Sept. 1.
DJ Stage.
Main Stage.

Soul Food Fest After Party.
Extend the celebration at the Soul Food Fest After Party on Sunday, September 1, from 10 p.m. - 2 a.m. Head to the Spirit of Pittsburgh Ballroom on the 3rd floor of the David L. Lawrence Convention Center for this 25+ event, hosted by Styles P. Embrace the all-white theme (recommended, but not required) and grab your after-party tickets for a night to remember.

Plan Your Trip.
Maximize your Soul Food Festival experience by exploring everything Downtown Pittsburgh has to offer. When planning your visit, consider booking your stay at one of the many hotels near Market Square to be steps away from the festivities.
Downtown Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh boasts 90 neighborhoods with Downtown at its heart.
A Guide to Market Square.
Located in the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh, Market Square is a must-see for tourists and locals alike. Market Square is surrounded by shops and restaurants and boasts year-round activities in the center…

More to Explore.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.