Market Square
When the sun goes down, the fun continues in Pittsburgh!
Looking for evening adventures while you’re in town? Whether you’re seeking an upscale nightclub, a local bar to catch the game or an entertainment destination with a number of options in on one place, Pittsburgh has something for you – all within walking distance or a short shared ride away from hotels.
Located on Pittsburgh’s North Shore,Rivers Casinois open 24 hours a day and offers many entertainment options beyond its 3,000 slot machines and 86 table games. Happy hour, live entertainment, dancing and dining can be enjoyed as well as entertainment at the 1,000-seat riverside amphitheater.
Rivers Casino: http://www.theriverscasino.com/
If you’re looking to gather with some of the locals, head into Pittsburgh’sneighborhoodsto find a number of eclectic hangouts. With more than 80 bars and restaurants through the South Side flats, Carson Street offers a variety of dining and nightlife from top-shelf whiskey selections at Carmela’s Plates & Pints to a wide selection of beers on tap at the Vault Taproom. Plan a visit to Pittsburgh's North Side, Lawrenceville or Shadyside neighborhoods to explore even more options.
Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings.
Pittsburgh’s Music ScenePittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss!Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/pittsburghs-music-scene/
Pittsburgh’s Music Scene
Pittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss!
13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft BreweriesDiscover top-rated Pittsburgh breweries, embarking on a craft beer-inspired exploration. Cultivate an unforgettable outing with Pittsburgh beer. Whether you’re a…Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/9-awesome-pittsburgh-craft-breweries/
13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft Breweries
Discover top-rated Pittsburgh breweries, embarking on a craft beer-inspired exploration. Cultivate an unforgettable outing with Pittsburgh beer. Whether you’re a…
Insider’s Guide to Three Rivers Beer Week 2024Popping local events from Pittsburgh's most popular breweries highlight 2024 eventDetails: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/pittsburgh-craft-breweries/
Insider’s Guide to Three Rivers Beer Week 2024
Popping local events from Pittsburgh's most popular breweries highlight 2024 event
Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in PittsburghUncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/best-mocktails/
Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh
Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.