Start planning your next adventure in Pittsburgh.
Find the resources you need right here to travel safely and to a getaway like no other. Request or download the Official Visitors Guide to find all of the city's must-sees as well as other helpful planning tips. Be sure to explore our #LovePGH blogs for even more inspiration. Sign up for the monthly e-newsletter to stay up-to-dat on what’s happening in Pittsburgh and be sure to follow us on Instagram and Facebook for expert advice and travel ideas.
#LovePGH blogs: /blog/
Instagram: http://instagram.com/visitpittsburgh
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/VisitPittsburgh/
Check other important information to help plan your trip like our Accessibility Guide , LGBTQ-friendly travel information , college campus particulars and medical tourism and tech tourism details.
tech tourism: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/about-pittsburgh/technology-in-pittsburgh/
For more information email info@visitpittsburgh.com or call us at 1-877-LOVEPGH.
Pittsburgh Insiders Guide
Get your one-stop guide for everything to see and do in Pittsburgh.
Multi-lingual Brochures
Find information about visiting Pittsburgh written in Chinese, German, French, Japanese, Spanish, Italian and Hindi.
Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/plan-your-trip/multi-lingual-brochures/
This seasonal guide showcases Pittsburgh's attractions, dining and shopping and provides at-a-glance event information happening during your stay.
Come out to play in Southwestern Pennsylvania, where there’s a world of fun waiting in our neighboring counties!
Built by a rich history, Pittsburgh's cultural offerings and welcoming people make our vibrant city a must-see destination.
​Get out and explore all that Pittsburgh has to offer!
Canines (and felines) rejoice in Pittsburgh!
​Thinking of attending college in Pittsburgh?
Pittsburgh is a great city to visit, but especially for senior travelers exploring without children.
​Welcome to Pittsburgh!
Get all the information you need about accessibility for your trip to Pittsburgh, find transportation, parking, medical services and much more.
Transportation
​There are many ways to get around Pittsburgh... car, bus, taxi, bike, pedicab, boat or your own two feet!
Weather
You can enjoy all four seasons in Pittsburgh.
Welcome Centers
Visit any one of our VisitPITTSBURGH Welcome Centers in the Greater Pittsburgh region.
Newsletter Signup
Want the scoop on Pittsburgh events and special offers?
Things to Do
A City of Multitudes
Hotels & Resorts
No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties.
Contact VisitPITTSBURGH
View our complete directory of staff listings for VisitPITTSBURGH.
Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/contact-us/
120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.