Mt. Washington
A City of Multitudes
Pittsburgh is a modern, ever-evolving city where the must-sees vary week to week as Downtown-encompassing festivals , a vibrant Cultural District of world-class productions , fan-friendly sports events in iconic stadiums, and our distinct four seasons make each trip unique. Add in our award-winning culinary scene, craft beverage -packed neighborhoods and renowned museums you can enjoy throughout the year, and the only thing you won't have on your itinerary is free time.
Need to extend your trip a day or two to get it all in? We figured .
Inclines and trolleys and riverboats (oh my)! There are so many ways to tour and sightsee around the city of Pittsburgh.
tour and sightsee: /things-to-do/tours-sightseeing/
You can take a tour by bike, trolley, boat, jet ski, kayak, funicular, bus or Segway, or go old fashioned and explore on your own two feet. Take a ride on the historic Duquesne Incline for panoramic views of the city's skyline and rivers.
Duquesne Incline: /directory/duquesne-incline/
Outdoor enthusiasts can hike, bike and picnic at the numerous parks and green spaces , including Schenley Park and Point State Park .
Outdoor enthusiasts: /things-to-do/outdoor-adventure/
parks and green spaces: /things-to-do/outdoor-adventure/parks/
Schenley Park: /directory/schenley-park/
Point State Park: /directory/point-state-park/
Our recommendation? Pick one of our 90 neighborhoods that make the city unique and explore.
This Week in Pittsburgh
Events that will pique your interests and inspire new adventures.
Please enable JavaScript to show the Partner Listings listings.
Free Things to Do
There are plenty of free activities in Pittsburgh. Browse free events, museums and more here.
Top Things to Do Between Christmas & New Years in Pittsburgh
Hosting family for the holidays or looking to make the most of your time off?
Pittsburgh Holiday Lights
Experience the sparkle this 2024 holiday season in Pittsburgh!
Top 11 Things to Do with a Family in Pittsburgh
In Pittsburgh, summer is the perfect time to explore all the family fun the city…
Things To Do Between Sporting Events in Pittsburgh
Coming to Pittsburgh for the big game? Here’s an insider’s guide to some cool, local…
Learn More: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/what-to-do-between-games/
A Guide to Market Square
Located in the heart of Downtown Pittsburgh, Market Square is a must-see for tourists and…
120 Fifth Avenue Fifth Avenue Place Suite 2800 Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711 Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.