Get your one-stop guide for everything to see and do in Pittsburgh.
Get inspired for your next safe getaway to Pittsburgh with our 2025 Pittsburgh Insider's Guide. Discover local favorites and only-in-Pittsburgh attractions, learn more about the city’s art and music communities, explore the region’s pet-friendly offerings, plan for the perfect outdoor excursion and so much more. And, as you flip through our engaging magazine, follow the targeted QR codes back to VisitPITTSBURGH.com, where you will learn even more about Pittsburgh’s fantastic offerings.
Just published! Sign up below to have the new 2025 Pittsburgh Insider's Guide sent to you!
By submitting this form, I understand that VisitPittsburgh will send me the Pittsburgh Insiders Guide in the mail and that it may take 3-6 weeks for delivery of the printed Guide.
Welcome to Pittsburgh, a city of endless possibilities! Make the most of your trip! Explore our 90 unique neighborhoods, discover incredible restaurants and breweries, and experience our must-see attractions. Your perfect long weekend starts here.
Top Free Things to Do in Pittsburgh
​Who said you have to spend money to have a good time?
Family Fun
Won't you be our neighbor?
Tours & Sightseeing
​However you like to roll, Pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you.
Outdoor Adventure
The Ultimate Urban Excursion Awaits!
Arts & Culture
Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant…
Museums
From history, art, science, sports and more, Pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored.
Shopping
Calling all shopaholics!
Events & Festivals
​There's always something happening in Pittsburgh.
Hotels & Resorts
No trip to Pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties.
Restaurants & Culinary
Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods
Homewood is HomeThere is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community.Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/the-homewood-experience/
Homewood is Home
There is no limit to the joy one can feel with the support of their community.
French Fries and Five Year OldsNothing gives a grandma more pleasure than feeding her baby’s baby!Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/grandpa-grandma-and-me/
French Fries and Five Year Olds
Nothing gives a grandma more pleasure than feeding her baby’s baby!
5 Spectacular Stops along the Great Allegheny Passage
The Great Allegheny Passage is a 150-mile trail offering spectacular bicycling adventures that starts right in Downtown Pittsburgh
Black-owned Businesses in Pittsburgh
Support Black-owned businesses in Pittsburgh.
What’s Cooking PittsburghFrom chef-driven dishes to new restaurant offerings, Pittsburgh has built a reputation as a foodie city.Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/whats-cooking-pittsburgh/
What’s Cooking Pittsburgh
From chef-driven dishes to new restaurant offerings, Pittsburgh has built a reputation as a foodie city.
Pittsburgh’s Arts Scene
Pittsburgh’s arts community has been an integral part of the city for years, with the legacy of former visionaries such…
Pittsburgh’s Must-See Murals
From portraits of Pittsburgh legends to community-created masterpieces, there are so many incredible murals to discover in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh’s Music Scene
Pittsburgh's music scene is full of talented artists you don't want to miss!
13 Obscure & Unusual Pittsburgh StopsExplore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of Pittsburgh.Details: https://www.visitpittsburgh.com/blog/weird-pittsburgh/
13 Obscure & Unusual Pittsburgh Stops
Explore the off-the-beaten path and uncover the obscure side of Pittsburgh.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.