Your new year begins in our city of multitudes
Spring and sunshine are making their way into the region, which means plenty of activities are starting to get outside. You can too with baseball season and different festivals andconcertsthroughout the city, or you can wait out the last bits of cold with tons of indoor adventures still to be had.
St. Patrick's Dayis also right around the corner, so grab your favorite people and head out to at one of the largest St. Patrick's Day Parades in the United States.
For those ready to ditch their winter coats, we've got a lineup of spring scenes to fling yourself into. The Spring Flower Show kicks off atPhipps Conservatory, thePirateshost the Yankees in this year's home opener atPNC ParkandFriday fish frieswill fill the area for a few weeks.
Need more ideas? Take a ride on theInclinesand grab theperfect photoas the snow falls. Or, just pick a newneighborhoodto explore!
Fill your itinerary by picking a newcraft breweryto try or refueling withdinnerplans featuring iconic Pittsburgh eats such as the 2024 James Beard Award-nominated Apteka and Pusadee's Garden.
Rest up at fantasticaccommodationsto recharge for the next day of exploring.
The Pick is In! Pittsburgh will host the NFL Draft in 2026.
Partnered with the Pittsburgh Steelers, Pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the NFL Draft…
Lonely Planet’s 2025 Global Best in Travel
Pittsburgh was featured on the Top 10 Cities list, the ONLY U.S. city selected!
2026 NFL Draft
Upcoming Concerts in Pittsburgh
Plan your 2025 concert lineup at iconic Pittsburgh venues.
Where to Enjoy the Best Mocktails in Pittsburgh
Uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment.
Unique Date Nights in Pittsburgh
Celebrate the one you love with these unique Pittsburgh date night ideas!
Trace Echo: An Uptown Gathering Space for Coffee, Pints & Pittsburgh Community
Since early October, there's been a new venue in town with a familiar name, Trace…
Best Donut Shops in Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth.
Celebrating a Diverse Pittsburgh
Discover how Pittsburgh’s diversity and vibrant 90 neighborhoods make our region a major travel destination to discover and celebrate.
Bringing the Community Together
VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.