Beginning at 6pm tonight (3/7), the 311 system will be undergoing maintenance and enhancements and will have limited functionality until 3/10. Please call 311 to leave a message, or try submitting again on Monday
Select the Escape key to close the menu. Focus will then be set to the first menu item.
In This Section
The full text of the City’s most recent campaign finance regulations, including contribution limits and reporting requirements, can be found on the eCode360 website .
In accordance with Article 8, Section 802 of the City's Home Rule Charter (PDF, 401KB) , candidates for mayor, City controller and City council must file a report of receipts and expenses five days prior to the primary election. Prior to the general election, candidates must file a report of receipts and expenses seven days prior to the election.
Reports of receipts and expenses are to be filed in the City controller's office.
Note: Candidates do not have to file a second report with the City in addition to the County. They may make a second copy of the report filed with the County and attach any receipts and expenditures made between the County cutoff date and the City’s.
Instructions: To fill out forms electronically, download documents and open with Adobe, using the "Fill & Sign" tool to enter text where appropriate.
In addition to filing a campaign finance report with the controller’s office prior to the election, candidates for City office must file reports with the Ethics Hearing Board. Reports must be filed on the first business day of each month prior to Election Day. More information on where and how to file with the Ethics Hearing Board can be found.
Open Book Pittsburgh is a searchable database of city government contracts, as well as all campaign donations to and expenditures from city candidates and officials. The City controller’s office makes this information available before primaries, before general elections, and after the County makes candidates’ annual reports public.
City of Pittsburgh 414 Grant St. Pittsburgh, PA 15219 (Accessibility entrance on Ross St.) View on Map 412-255-2621