Essential Guide to Winter Activities in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh.

Winter in Pittsburgh.
There are plenty of ways to enjoy Pittsburgh in the winter, no matter your interests, taste buds or even the weather.
Winter in Pittsburgh is chilly, snowy and loads of fun. With winter festivals, slopes, ice skating and plenty of indoor entertainment, it’s a great time of year for visitors.

What to Do.

One Stop Trips in Pittsburgh.
Even if you are short on time during your stay in Pittsburgh, here's how to maximize your Pittsburgh experience in one trip:

How to Pack.
There’s no way around it, winter in Pittsburgh is bound to be chilly and often snowy as well. The good news is that with a chill in the air comes all the fun and festivities of the winter season. When packing, there are a few things you should be sure to grab.

What to Eat & Drink.
Staying warm and cozy in the cold weather has a lot to do with choosing the right things to eat and drink!
Winter Beers.
A deep dive into the ales, stouts, porters and more seasonal favorites at Pittsburgh breweries that pair well with the season.
Pierogies.
Let’s face it, pierogies are delicious any time of year and Pittsburghers love them dearly. Something about the holidays makes this traditional dish (and the unique takes on it!) extra special.

New Year's Eve in the 'Burgh.

Celebrating Love in Pittsburgh.

Winter Views.
With the right outfit and a festive attitude, there are so many ways to enjoy Pittsburgh in the winter. So bundle up and make the most of your trip to the 'Burgh in the snowy season. We'll see you there!

Related Blog Posts.
Peoples Gas Holiday Market™
Get into the holiday spirit at the 13th Annual Peoples Gas Holiday Market™!
Holiday Photos in Pittsburgh.
Kick off the holiday season with a family photo in your favorite city!
Pittsburgh Holiday Lights.
Experience the sparkle this 2024 holiday season in Pittsburgh!
Oakland for the Holidays.
Celebrate the holidays!
2024 Pittsburgh Holiday Gift & Shopping Guide | Shop Local.
Shop local and gift Pittsburgh this holiday season!
Pittsburgh Holiday Pop-Up Bars.
It seems like pop-up bars just keep popping up! Let us help you find the most perfectly peculiar Pittsburgh pop-up…
Pittsburgh Celebrates Light Up Night 2024.
Join us as we light up the city and officially kick-off the Pittsburgh holiday season!

Authentic Experiences.
From outdoor shopping and toasty refreshments to indoor exhibits and bites for the whole family, there are plenty of ways to enjoy the holidays in Pittsburgh.
What's happening in Pittsburgh this week, you ask?
Weather.
You can enjoy all four seasons in Pittsburgh.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.