Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh | Visit Pittsburgh.

Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh.
Enjoy a variety of Japanese restaurants in Pittsburgh, indulging in traditional flavors, modern twists, and a blend of different cuisines.
You don’t need a plane ticket for an authentic meal in Pittsburgh. Our city’s burgeoning culinary scene provides sensational dining experiences from around the world. Whether you’re planning a casual hangout with friends or looking for the best sushi in your neighborhood, look through our list of restaurants and find out how these Japanese dining spots are on a “roll.”

1. Gi-Jin.
208 6th Street.
Indulge in the perfect bite of a handmade roll, experiencing a golden ratio of ingredients. Showcasing authentic Japanese sushi techniques, Gi-Jin features an array of traditional dishes. Enter a stylish and modern space, where exposed wooden beams and ambient lighting set the scene for an exquisite dinner outing. Try a mouthwatering plate like the hyogo wagyu nigiri, taking in savory textures that will melt in your mouth.

2. täkō.
214 6th Street.
Based in downtown Pittsburgh, täkō blends Mexican and Japanese flavors into scrumptious eats. Dive into Pittsburgh’s thriving nightlife scene with this lively restaurant. Lit with bright rays of colors, the interior space cultivates a vibrant atmosphere. Must-try dishes include the street corn elote, grilled octopus tacos, and salmon poke. Pair your dish with a margarita like the “Burning Flower,” which will astound your taste buds with mezcal, lychee, lime, poblano, and agave syrup.

3. Umi Japanese Restaurant.
5849 Ellsworth AvenuePlanning a special occasion with family and friends? Located above Soba, this dining spot offers an upscale culinary experience for anniversaries, graduations, and yearly traditions. With an 11-course omakase meal option, your senses will be captivated by mouth watering flavors, rich textures, and tantalizing aromas. This Shadyside-based place boasts the fruit of the “umi” with plates of yellowtail, shrimp tempura, miso black cod, and more.

4. Soba.
5847 Ellsworth AvenueMake your way to tranquil surroundings at this Asian fusion dining spot. Take in a breathtaking indoor waterfall, ascend a glass staircase, and admire hand-painted murals. Featuring vegan and gluten-free options, Soba serves an assortment of diverse dishes that create harmonious balances of flavor. Order a meal like the Japanese- and Korean-inspired bulgogi flank steak maki, a sushi roll that’s oozing with cabbage slaw and a red chili pepper paste.

5. Andy’s Sushi Bar.
1711 Penn Avenue.
Friendly services and flavorsome sushi are some of the culinary delights at this casual eatery. Situated inside Wholey’s FIsh Market, Andy’s Sushi Bar offers an extensive selection of sushi that caters to different palates. This fish market is a charming place for a date night and will make you feel like you’re in a romantic comedy. Find a series of handmade sushi rolls with fresh ingredients, and then settle into a spot in the market’s dining area, taking in an animated ambience. Nigiri-style sushi such as the egg and salmon roe rolls reveal the passion that’s expertly infused behind each dish.

6. Kiku Japanese Restaurant.
225 W Station Square DriveLocated in Station Square, this South Shore-situated eatery feels like a hidden treasure from one of Kyoto’s back alleys. Explore exceptionally made staples of Japanese cuisine with a series of tempura, sushi, and teriyaki dishes. This restaurant develops an unconventional spin on sushi with Pittsburgh-inspired rolls. The Allegheny roll is packed with fresh cuts of shrimp, avocado, and cucumber. Sports fans will be enthralled celebrating a game day with the Steelers roll, which features slices of grilled eel.

7. Cobra.
4305 Main StreetBe immersed in a modern disco space with neon lighting and a dance floor. Offering karaoke and Japanese BBQ, this yakiniku restaurant ensures unforgettable fun for all visitors. Wander into an interior space with a blend of sophisticated decor and cozy seating. Order an assortment of classic Japanese BBQ bites, enjoying tender slices of wagyu, charred shishitos, furikake-seasoned fries, and chicken karaage.

8. Kura Revolving Sushi Bar.
415 Cinema Dr.
With a continuous train of plates on a revolving strip, Kura creates an innovative spin on your standard sushi outing. This casual spot is a kid-friendly restaurant that will excite your little ones with fun ways of trying new food. As for gatherings with friends, Kura features an assortment of refreshing drinks. Enhance your sushi-centered feast with sides of fried scallops, yellowtail cheek, and crunchy squid.

9. Little Tokyo Restaurant.
636 Washington Road.
Hold a glass of warm sake in the air and say “kanpai” to an array of authentic Japanese dishes. This Mt. Lebanon-based place spotlights popular Japanese fare with fresh ingredients that are cooked to perfection. Along with sushi, Little Tokyo Restaurant serves comforting bowls of food for any weather. Crispy chicken katsu and savory slurps of udon are just a couple of the memorable menu items. For dessert, take in chewy bites of mochi rice cake with an ice cream filling, relishing flavors such as green tea and red bean.

10. Mola.
6018 Penn AvenueThis relaxed eatery is a local gem in the East Liberty neighborhood, unveiling exquisite seasonal specials with sea urchin, abalone, and black truffles. Enjoy generous portions of sushi, bursts of complex flavors, and ingredients that are imported from Japan. Start a culinary adventure at Mola with the pork belly bao bun, which brings out the pork belly’s savory depth with crushed peanuts and pickled cucumber. Relish bites of sashimi, teriyaki bowls, and Japanese curry. End this food-centered journey with a sweet treat like the mango crepe cake and a cup of bubble tea.

11. Oishii Donburi.
5227 Butler Street.
Take a seat at the chef’s counter and marvel at the detailed executions of culinary masterpieces. This intimate dining spot specializes in donburi, a Japanese rice-centered dish. With an industrial chic space and budget-friendly prices, it’s easy to become a regular at Oishii Donburi. Browse through a menu with rice bowls that are topped with beef, chicken and barbecued eel. Order sides of shrimp tempura and takoyaki, a set of savory pancake-like balls that are filled with octopus. Enjoy abundant portions of food and take home plenty of leftovers for the rest of the week.

12. Sapporo Japanese Steak House.
4260 Steubenville Pike.
This family-owned restaurant is a home-away-from-home experience with welcoming services and generous amounts of grilled specialties. Tableside hibachis fill the space of Sapporo Japanese Steak House, providing customized dining for different tastes. In addition to familiar Japanese dishes, this dining spot provides a wide range of grilling options such as hibachi scallop and calamari teriyaki.

13. Teppanyaki Kyoto.
5808 Bryant StreetServing the playful side of Japanese meals, this bistro handmakes flavorsome okonomiyaki, a savory pancake that’s bursting with shredded cabbage, spicy mayonnaise, and bonito flakes. Travel to the western side of Japan with the hiroshimayaki, which is layered with yakisoba noodles. Continue an thrilling dive into Japanese cuisine with bacon-wrapped mochi, a miso-coated pork bento box, and anmitsu, an agar jelly dish with assorted fruit.

14. Umami.
202 38th Street.
Seeking a new happy hour spot? Specializing in Japanese street food and a wide selection of alcoholic beverages, Umami is a classy go-to spot for an evening meal. Explore different menu items with ramen and gyudon, which is a beef-topped rice bowl. Pair a refreshing glass of beer robatayaki, a set of grilled skewers that are made with your choice of protein. Complete the dinner outing with coworkers or friends with the matcha creme brulee, which is served with candied lemons.

15. Yuzu Kitchen.
409 Wood Street.
Based in the downtown area, Yuzu Kitchen embraces Japanese cuisine in an artfully decorated space. Sit by the cherry blossom mural and look through a menu with various ramen offerings. Take in sips of a complex and rich broth, which gives way to the divine flavors of each individual ingredient. Ramen options include spicy seafood, karaage curry, and braised chicken. Don’t miss pairing your dish with a succulent drink, finding the right beverage from a curated list of cocktails, sake, soju, and beer.

Related Blogs.
Ultimate Guide to the Pittsburgh Japanese Film Festival.
Know Your Roll | 14 Best Sushi Spots in Pittsburgh.
Spicy Noodles of Pittsburgh.
12 Places to Grab Lunch for Under $10 in Pittsburgh.
Best Soup in Pittsburgh.
13 Awesome Pittsburgh Craft Breweries.
Pittsburgh Celebrates Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month.
Dim Sum, Bao, Gyoza & More | A Pittsburgh Dumplings Guide.
Feasting Through Pittsburgh: My Journey & Foodie Guide | Student Perspectives.

Related Content:
Gi-Jin208 6th St.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.
täkō214 6th St.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15222.
SOBA5847 Ellsworth Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15232.
Umi Japanese Restaurant5849 Ellsworth Ave.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15232.

Plan Your Trip with the new Pittsburgh Insider's Guide.
120 Fifth AvenueFifth Avenue PlaceSuite 2800Pittsburgh, PA 15222.
(412) 281-7711Toll Free: (877) 568-3744.
©️2025 Visit Pittsburgh. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.

Navigation.

Quick Search.

Experience Builder.

Location Map.