<Generated>Question: What are the choices for the lunch starter at McCormick & Schmick’s Seafood in downtown Pittsburgh?
Answer: The choices for the lunch starter at McCormick & Schmick’s Seafood (Downtown) are Chilled Asparagus & Potato Soup, Crab and Asparagus Salad, Basil Oil, Mixed Greens Salad, Blue Cheese Crumbles, Candied Walnuts, White Balsamic Vinaigrette.

<Generated>Question: What organization sponsors the Sensory Friendly Afternoon program at the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh?
Answer: PA Leadership Charter School

<Generated>Question: When and where did the inaugural festival of Oktoberfest Pittsburgh take place?
Answer: It took place October 3rd-13th, 2024, in Downtown’s iconic Market Square.

<Generated>Question: What type of desserts are offered in the Surf ‘N Turf ‘N Earth menu?
Answer: The Surf ‘N Turf ‘N Earth menu offers Tiramisu and Red Velvet Cake as dessert options.

<Generated>Question: What are some appetizer options at Cenacolo Restaurant in Pittsburgh?
Answer: The appetizer options at Cenacolo Restaurant include Meatballs, Burrino, Beans & Greens, Risotto, Flat Bread, Roasted Brussel Sprouts.

<Generated>Question: What and when does Abbots Cross perform at City Winery Pittsburgh?
Answer: Abbots Cross performs their St. Patrick's Day celebration at City Winery Pittsburgh on March 17, 2025.

<Generated>Question: What event is being held at the National Aviary in March?
Answer: Penguin-Palooza

<Generated>Question: Which type of performances can attendees expect to see at the Entertainment Extravaganza?
Answer: Attendees can expect to see traditional dances and live music performances at the Entertainment Extravaganza.

<Generated>Question: Which proteins are available for selection in Piada Italian Street Food?
Answer: Italian Sausage, Grilled Chicken, Grilled Steak, Crispy Chicken, Hot Fried Chicken, Grass-fed Meatballs, Calamari & Hot Peppers, or Grilled Salmon.

<Generated>Question: What type of pasta is used in the Roasted Eggplant Pasta?
Answer: Fettuccini

<Generated>Question: Which Pittsburgh restaurant offers a tapas style tasting experience with local sourced foods and expertly paired craft beers during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: BOhem Bistro

<Generated>Question: What is the location of the Milwaukee Brewers games?
Answer: PNC Park, 15212, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US.

<Generated>Question: What are the appetizer options at Coughlin's Law Kitchen and Ale House during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The appetizer options at Coughlin's Law Kitchen and Ale House during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include Crispy Brussels Parmesan Cheese / Toasted Almonds / Lemon Aioli Calabrian Lamb Meatballs and a Charcuterie Board.

<Generated>Question: In which year was the first coke-fire smelting introduced in Pittsburgh?
Answer: The first coke-fire smelting was introduced in Pittsburgh in 1859.

<Generated>Question: What are the dates and times for the St. Louis Cardinals, Vundabar, and The Thorn events in Pittsburgh?
Answer: The St. Louis Cardinals event is on APR 08 2025, 6:40 PM TUE. Vundabar event is on APR 08 2025, 7:00 PM TUE. The Thorn event is on APR 08 2025, 7:00 PM TUE.

<Generated>Question: What are the available starters at Mitchell’s Fish Market (Galleria) during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The available starters at Mitchell’s Fish Market (Galleria) during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Mitchell’s House Salad, Classic Caesar, Cup of New England Clam Chowder, and Cup of New Orleans Seafood Gumbo.

<Generated>Question: In which year was the first coke-fire smelting introduced in Pittsburgh?
Answer: The first coke-fire smelting was introduced in Pittsburgh in 1859.

<Generated>Question: What are the available first course options at Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: What are the available options for the first course at Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The available first course options at Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are the Hyde Park Wedge Salad, Caesar Salad, and Lobster Bisque.

<Generated>Question: Who is the artist performing at New Hazlett Theater in Pittsburgh on March 22, 2025?
Answer: Brandee Younger

<Generated>Question: What cooking styles are offered at the Melting Pot Pittsburgh for their entrées?
Answer: Melting Pot offers the following cooking styles for their entrées: Cast Iron Grill Tabletop Grilling, Coq au Vin, Mojo, and Seasoned Court.

<Generated>Question: What type of sausage is served in the New PRW Exclusive Combo at Ocean Treasure's Cajun Seafood and Bar (North Hills) by default?
Answer: The default sausage served in the New PRW Exclusive Combo at Ocean Treasure's Cajun Seafood and Bar (North Hills) is sausage.

<Generated>Question: What type of sausage can be upgraded to in the New PRW Exclusive Combo at Ocean Treasure's Cajun Seafood and Bar (North Hills)?
Answer: Turkey sausage can be upgraded to in the New PRW Exclusive Combo at Ocean Treasure's Cajun Seafood and Bar (North Hills).

<Generated>Question: Which dish at Hyde Park Prime Steakhouse comes with roasted garlic whipped potatoes?
Answer: The Dry Aged Sirloin Chop Steak, Chicken Milanese, Filet Mignon, and Salmon Filet all come with roasted garlic whipped potatoes.

<Generated>Question: When and where is the Collectors exhibit held?
Answer: The Collectors exhibit is held on Mondays-Fridays at the Bost Building in Homestead.

<Generated>Question: Which composers' works will be performed in the concert by Piano 4te at August Wilson Center in Pittsburgh?
Answer: The concert by Piano 4te will feature works by Liszt, Paganini, Graham Fitkin, Douwe Eisenga, Brayden Peppo, Chad Twedt, and Eric Barndollar.

<Generated>Question: What are the lunch and dinner starter options at The Capital Grille during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The lunch starters at The Capital Grille during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include Wedge with Bleu Cheese and Nueske’s Smoked Bacon and New England Clam Chowder. The dinner starters include Wedge with Bleu Cheese and Nueske’s Smoked Bacon and Caesar Salad with Grana Padano Croutons.

<Generated>Question: What are some of the entree options at LeMont Pittsburgh during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The entree options at LeMont Pittsburgh during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include Prime Rib, Macadamia Salmon, Bel Paese Poullet, Cognac Pork Tenderloin, and Panko Veal & Shrimp.

<Generated>Question: In which city and location can you find Bella Sera Urban Trattoria?
Answer: Bella Sera Urban Trattoria is located in Pittsburgh, at 22 Market Square.

<Generated>Question: When is the National History Day Pittsburgh competition taking place in 2025?
Answer: The National History Day Pittsburgh competition is taking place on March 15-16, 2025.

<Generated>Question: What is the name and location of the church where Emotions Anonymous meetings take place?
Answer: Grandview United Presbyterian Church, 301 Grandview Ave, Pittsburgh Mt. Washington.

<Generated>Question: What are the three courses offered in the Osteria 2350 Restaurant Week Special?
Answer: The three courses offered in the Osteria 2350 Restaurant Week Special are a Local Corn & Tomato Salad, House-Made Squid Ink Pasta, and Lemon Cake.

<Generated>Question: What is one of the courses offered in the Restaurant Week Special Menu at Andrew's Steak and Seafood?
Answer: One of the courses offered in the Restaurant Week Special Menu at Andrew's Steak and Seafood is Pineapple Carpaccio.

<Generated>Question: What are the available salad options at the Melting Pot Pittsburgh?
Answer: The available salad options at Melting Pot include Melting Pot House Romaine, Iceberg, Cheddar, Tomatoes, Croutons, Scallions, Egg, and California Mixed Greens, Candied Pecans, Gorgonzola, Tomatoes.

<Generated>Question: Which type of gin is used in the White Linen cocktail?
Answer: Hendricks Gin

<Generated>Question: What are two specialty dishes offered by The Coxcomb during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The Coxcomb offers two specialty dishes during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week: Pulled Pork Pizza and Chicken Piccata Gnocchi.

<Generated>Question: Which options are available for the second course at The Factory South Shore during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The options for the second course at The Factory South Shore during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Amish Roasted Chicken, Bone-In Pork Schnitzel, and Choice of Pizza.

<Generated>Question: In which locations can one find Revival on Lincoln during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Revival on Lincoln can be found at the following locations during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week: Strip District, Robinson, and Carnegie.

<Generated>Question: Which winery produced the Fume Blanc in the year 2013?
Answer: Ferrari Carano

<Generated>Question: Which salad options are available for the first course at Osteria 2350 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The Brussels Sprout & Kale salad and the Rosemary Roasted Squash & Sautéed Mushroom Salad are the available options for the first course at Osteria 2350 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week.

<Generated>Question: In which theater is 'The Latchkey Kids' improv show taking place?
Answer: Arcade Comedy Theater

<Generated>Question: What are some of the entree options at Stuff'd Pierogi Bar during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Some of the entree options at Stuff'd Pierogi Bar during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include pierogie with potato and cheese, buffalo chicken, pulled pork, chicken marsala, Philly mushroom cheesesteak, Reuben, mac n cheese, and hulushki.

<Generated>Question: What are the available first course options at Eddie Merlot's Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: What are the first course options at Eddie Merlot's Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The available first course options at Eddie Merlot's Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Caesar Salad and Eddie's House Salad.

<Generated>Question: When was the Pittsburgh Insider's Guide first published?
Answer: The publication date for the Pittsburgh Insider's Guide is 2025.

<Generated>Question: What type of dance is taught at Lot 17 in Pittsburgh on Tuesday nights?
Answer: Blues dancing is taught at Lot 17 on Tuesday nights.

<Generated>Question: What are the options for appetizers at Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The appetizer options at Franklin Inn Mexican Restaurant during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include Mango Coconut Shrimp and Mango Coconut Cauliflower.

<Generated>Question: What are some of the choices for the first course in the Eddie V’s Prime Seafood Restaurant Week Special Menu?
Answer: The first course options in the Eddie V’s Prime Seafood Restaurant Week Special Menu include Crispy Salt and Pepper Shrimp, Maine Lobster Bisque, and Classic Caesar Salad.

<Generated>Question: What are the two options for the second course in The Vandal's Restaurant Week menu?
Answer: The two options for the second course in The Vandal's Restaurant Week menu are roasted chicken with pane Purdue, grilled stone fruit and mustard jus or trout with ajo blanco, marinated tomato and fennel vinaigrette.

<Generated>Question: What type of bread is used for the Briskey Cheesesteak?
Answer: The bread used for the Briskey Cheesesteak is a toasted Breadworks roll.

<Generated>Question: Which Pittsburgh festival takes place in July and benefits the Autism Society of Pittsburgh and Band Together Pittsburgh?
Answer: Pittsburgh Blues and Roots Festival

<Generated>Question: Who is the Canadian composer, producer, and multi-instrumentalist behind the project Flore Laurentienne?
Answer: Mathieu David Gagnon

<Generated>Question: What are the options for the third course in the Saga Hibachi Steakhouse & Sushi Bar Restaurant Week Special?
Answer: The options for the third course in the Saga Hibachi Steakhouse & Sushi Bar Restaurant Week Special are a California Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, or Spicy Tuna Roll.

<Generated>Question: Where is the location of the Family Nature Hike event hosted by Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
Answer: The location of the Family Nature Hike event is at Powdermill Nature Reserve, 1795 Route 381, Rector Downtown.

<Generated>Question: What type of cuisine is featured in the Vue 412's Moroccan Sheppard's Pie?
Answer: Moroccan cuisine

<Generated>Question: What is the location of the monthly Amnesty International Pittsburgh meeting?
Answer: The monthly Amnesty International Pittsburgh meeting takes place at First Unitarian Church, located at 605 Morewood Avenue in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh.

<Generated>Question: In which neighborhood is J. Gough's Tavern located?
Answer: J. Gough's Tavern is located in the Greenfield neighborhood.

<Generated>Question: What event is taking place at Heinz History Center on March 28, 2025?
Answer: IIDA Pittsburgh Fashion Meets Finish

<Generated>Question: What are the available first course options at The Porch at Schenley during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The available first course options at The Porch at Schenley during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Caesar Side Salad, Roasted Beet Side Salad, and Soup of the Day.

<Generated>Question: What are the available dinner starters at Eddie Merlot's Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The available dinner starters at Eddie Merlot's Steakhouse during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Caesar Salad, Eddie’s House Salad, and Cup of King Crab & Corn Bisque.

<Generated>Question: What are the second course options at Toast! Kitchen & Wine Bar during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The second course options at Toast! Kitchen & Wine Bar during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are Petite Filet Mignon with Caramelized Onion, Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, and Port Demi-Glace.

<Generated>Question: Which restaurant offers a vegan pasta dish during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Pasta Fagiolini (vegan) is offered by Six Penn Kitchen during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week.

<Generated>Question: What are the choices for the first course in the Ember and Vine Restaurant Week menu?
Answer: The choices for the first course in the Ember and Vine Restaurant Week menu are Woodfired Oysters and Bacon Jam Tart.

<Generated>Question: What are the two options for the first course at The Vault Taproom during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: The two options for the first course at The Vault Taproom during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week are mozzarella balls and country pâté.

<Generated>Question: What are some of the dishes served at Mallorca during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Some of the dishes served at Mallorca during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week include garlic shrimp, breaded calamari, mussels in spicy tomato, seafood stuffed mushrooms, veal in Mozzarella cream sauce, chicken breast stuffed with spinach, raisins, and pine nuts, cannelloni stuffed with chicken & spinach, seafood in a lightly spiced brandy and wine sauce, and broiled salmon or salmon stuffed with shrimp and crab.

<Generated>Question: Which restaurant offers a choice of Gnudi for the entrée during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Senti Restaurant

<Generated>Question: Which two dishes are offered as second course options during Savor Restaurant Week?
Answer: Keith's Waterford Salmon and Pistachio Encrusted Pork Tenderloin are offered as second course options during Savor Restaurant Week.

<Generated>Question: When was the Senator John Heinz History Center established?
Answer: The Senator John Heinz History Center was established with the ongoing exhibits.

<Generated>Question: When was Rivers Club established?
Answer: The establishment date for Rivers Club is not provided in the context.

<Generated>Question: Who is the conductor of the Pittsburgh Opera's production of Falstaff?
Answer: Antony Walker

<Generated>Question: Which starter option at Grand Concourse Restaurant includes butternut squash?
Answer: The Butternut Squash Bisque and Kale & Romaine Caesar are the starter options at Grand Concourse Restaurant that include butternut squash.

<Generated>Question: What are some options for the first course in the multi-course dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week at Bistro 19?
Answer: What dishes can be chosen for the first course during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week at Bistro 19?
Answer: Which options are available for the first course in the multi-course dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week at Bistro 19?
Answer: What are the choices for the first course in the multi-course dinner during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week at Bistro 19?

<Generated>Question: What is included in the multi-course lunch at Bistro 19 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: What dishes are served in the multi-course lunch at Bistro 19 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: Which dishes make up the multi-course lunch at Bistro 19 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
Answer: What are the options for the multi-course lunch at Bistro 19 during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?

